
=== PAGE 1 ===
    
Declassified by MG Richard A. Harrison 
USCENTCOM Chief of Staff 
Plea , o , us.~,;t , 13- 02 
Range Fouler Debrie Form 
"submit" button above. Save and 
email the complete file manually 
(see below). 
Please complete this form to the best of your ability. If you do ot have the requested information, 
please leave the field blank. If there was more than one "group " please report each on a separate 
form for data collection purposes. You should receive a respons within 5 business days. 
Last Name, First Name Rank Squadron SIPR Email Address Crew Position 
This information is for contact only. SPEAR sanitizes all r ports of identifying information. 
Absolutely no identifying information for aircrew or squadmn will be recorded for analysis. 
05/14/20 20:40:00 Night 
Date (mmldd/yy) Time of detection Day I Night 
(hh:mm:ss Z) 
28314 
Contact Working Area 
(Ex: W-72 1A) 
28314 
Contact Latitute 
(DD:MM:SS) 
ISR 
Side No. Buno Mission Description (GAS, BFM, etc) 
N 49524 E 20000 Yes 
NIS Contact Longitude EM' ' ontact Altitude Altitude 
(DD:MM:SS) ( : 22000) Constant? 
Wind Dir at 
Contact Alt 
(From) 
LFE? 
Wind 
Speed 
Please attempt to determine a Lat I Long for the contact at initial detection. We recommend 
using JMPS to reference the sensor-derived bearing and range relative to the bullseye you had 
in use. If that method is not available, any reasonable derivation of location will worl<, but please 
be as specific as possible and make a note in the comments section. These locations may be 
used to cue other means of tracking. 
Was the contact moving? Yes 
Radar Equipped: 
Stable Trackfile?: Intermittent 
# of Contacts in "Group": 1 
EA Indications (Check all that apply): 
□ 
ECM 
□ □ 
False □ 
Letter Other/ 
Arc Identifier Trackfi/es Ambiguous 
AIM-9x Self-Track: 
ATFLIR Autotrack: 
Tally Achieved: 
□ 
□ 
□ 
Direction/Speed 
(Ex. 090/15) 
Please check all that apply: 
Round: [Z] 
Square: D 
Balloon-shaped: D 
Wings/Airframe : D 
Other Shape:O 
Apparent Propulsion: □ 
Moving Parts: D 
Metallic: D 
Markings: D 
Translucent: D 
Opaque: D 
Reflective: D 
Please use the field below to describe the contact and any interiaction in your own words with as much 
detail as possible. Please be sure to include any detail not incl ded in questions above. 
While preforming an ISR tasking (UL TN/Black Hot/Lin), a solid w ite1object flew through the FOV. There 
was a temporarily lose of the object but re-acquired shortly there after. The crew was able to follow the 
object as it appeared to make erratic moments above the water. During the follow, crew was able to obtain 
4x zoom on the object but lost the object due to poor track place ent. While following, the sensor operator 
was continuously manipulating the sensor to maintain eyes on th1e object. This is apparent by the waves of 
the water in the background being visible and not being visible. 
Don't use the purple "submit" button! Save this form with filenam "Date_Squadron_RF.pdr' and email 
it toj 3.sc, (b)(S) I (Also in the global) For troubleshooting, cal/I 3.Sc, (b)(B) 
Thank you for your time. Please ensure all display tapes are rip11ed for the entire time of interaction and 
saved as a .wmv (Example: 4 May VFA-106 HUD.wmv). Squa 1ron lintel personnel shall upload those files 
to the repository located at this link. 
I 3.5c, (b)(B) I 
USCENTCOM MDR 26-0019 Approved for Release to 
AARO 01/26/26 001 