Prepared for submission to JCAP
Maximal freedom at minimum cost:
linear large-scale structure in general
modiﬁcations of gravity
Emilio Bellinia and Ignacy Sawickib
aInstitut f¨ur Theoretische Physik, Ruprecht-Karls-Universit¨at Heidelberg
Philosophenweg 16, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany
bAfrican Institute for Mathematical Sciences
7 Melrose Road, Cape Town 7945, South Africa
E-mail: bellini@thphys.uni-heidelberg.de, ignacy.sawicki@outlook.com
Abstract. We present a turnkey solution, ready for implementation in numerical codes, for
the study of linear structure formation in general scalar-tensor models involving a single
universally coupled scalar ﬁeld. We show that the totality of cosmological information on the
gravitational sector can be compressed — without any redundancy — into ﬁve independent
and arbitrary functions of time only and one constant. These describe physical properties of
the universe: the observable background expansion history, fractional matter density today,
and four functions of time describing the properties of the dark energy. We show that two
of those dark-energy property functions control the existence of anisotropic stress, the other
two — dark-energy clustering, both of which are can be scale-dependent. All these properties
can in principle be measured, but no information on the underlying theory of acceleration
beyond this can be obtained.
We present a translation between popular models of late-
time acceleration (e.g. perfect ﬂuids, f(R), kinetic gravity braiding, galileons), as well as
the eﬀective ﬁeld theory framework, and our formulation. In this way, implementing this
formulation numerically would give a single tool which could consistently test the majority
of models of late-time acceleration heretofore proposed.
arXiv:1404.3713v3  [astro-ph.CO]  17 Jun 2014

---PAGE BREAK---
Contents
1
Introduction
1
2
Scope: General Scalar-Tensor Theories
3
3
Minimal Description of Dynamics
5
3.1
Non-Redundant Set of Linear-Perturbation Properties
5
3.2
Cosmological Background
7
3.3
Background Stability
10
3.4
Linear Perturbations
11
3.5
Connection to EFT
14
4
Physics of Horndeski Linear Structure Formation
15
4.1
Example: No Braiding
17
4.2
Example: Negligible Standard Kinetic Term
18
4.3
Comment on Quasi-Static Limit
19
4.4
Constraints beyond Large-Scale Structure
20
5
Discussion and Conclusions
21
A Deﬁnitions of Evolution Variables
24
B Scale Dependence in Dynamics
25
C Perturbation Equations in Synchronous Gauge
26
1
Introduction
Even before the discovery of the acceleration of the expansion of the universe, dynam-
ical mechanisms for generating such a phase in the evolution history were being proposed
(e.g. quintessence [1, 2]). The actual discovery resulted in a very large volume of proposals for
dynamical models of this late-time acceleration, both based on classical ﬁeld theories (usu-
ally of a scalar ﬁeld, but also modiﬁed theories of the gravitational metric, e.g. f(R) gravity
[3]) and on phenomenological approaches (e.g. see reviews [4, 5]). It was quickly understood
that one could potentially get a handle on the actual mechanism behind the acceleration by
comparing the behaviour of the background expansion history with that of the large-scale
structure which evolves on this background [6].
It is really this comparison that is key to understanding the nature of dark energy. A
detection of an expansion history incompatible with a Λ-cold-dark-matter (ΛCDM) universe
does mean that an explanation alternative to the cosmological constant is required, but
does not actually say much about the nature of the dynamical mechanism.
Conversely,
the ΛCDM framework describes the whole gravitational sector using one constant parameter
(ΩΛ) measurable from the background expansion. The growth of structure is then completely
ﬁxed (the remaining theoretical uncertainties on non-linear scales notwithstanding) and a
measurement of the properties of large-scale structure is necessary to ascertain that some
– 1 –

---PAGE BREAK---
other mechanism with background expansion close to ΛCDM is not actually responsible. Just
measuring the background is not enough.
Structure in the can be studied universe in two approaches.
One can build model-
independent null tests from observables which can be used to constrain properties of the
models. This approach is well studied for the case of the evolution of the background [7–9].
In the case of perturbations, it was demonstrated that one can in principle reconstruct the
gravitational potentials as a function of time and scale and therefore measure such properties
as the anisotropic stress in a model-independent manner [10, 11]. For example, Euclid should
be able to measure the slip parameter in such a model-independent manner to within a few
percent, depending on the assumptions [12].
A much more usual approach is to take a particular dark energy model and fold in the
evolution described by it into a full cosmological Boltzmann code, such as CAMB [13] or
CLASS [14, 15] following this with a Monte Carlo exploration of the parameter space allowed
by the totality of all the available observational data. The disadvantage of this method is that
it is very computationally expensive since each model must be constrained separately, unless
it is nested in some sort of larger model class. Typically one therefore reduces the models
to a small number of parameters which capture the gross behaviour and tries to constrain
the parameters’ allowed values. For example, it is well understood that, on the level of the
background, the eﬀective equation of state of the dark energy, which is in principle a free
function of time, fully describes the evolution of the metric. It is frequently parameterised
using the ﬁrst two terms of a Taylor expansion [16, 17].
The description of perturbations is more complicated. Scalar perturbations dominate
at linear scales and, in principle, all one needs to do is to relate the two scalar gravitational
potentials to the matter distribution through some sort of parameterisation involving two
functions of both scale and time [18–20]. The remaining question is how to do it in a way
that models properties of the underlying dark-energy theory, rather than being an arbit-
rary parameterisation which could capture a deviation away from the concordance model
but not necessarily the physics. To be speciﬁc, general relativity has a generally covariant
structure with no scalar degrees of freedom of its own, which leads to a particular set of
relations between the gravitational potentials, their derivatives, and the density and velocity
perturbations of the matter. The idea is to ﬁnd the appropriate ways of generalising such
relationships in more complicated theories.
For example, one can appropriately take large-scale eﬀects into consideration [21], but
this is clearly not enough to fully specify the theory. This can be matched to small-scale
behaviour using a phenomenological interpolation [22, 23]. Alternatively, requiring gauge
invariance of the equations [24, 25] restricts the possible structures, but still leaves a very
large number of free functions to be determined. One can then attempt to describe the dark
energy through its ﬁeld content and its eﬀective ﬂuid — or some sort of hopefully physical
— properties [26–29]. Instead, one can assume that the dark-energy model preserves locality
and is approximately quasi-static, which results in a particular behaviour of the perturbations
with scale [10, 30–32].
An alternative approach is to consider an eﬀective ﬁeld theory (EFT) for perturbations
on top of a Friedmann-Robertson-Walker (FRW) cosmological background. This method was
introduced in [33] and has been developed in the context of general dark-energy cosmologies in
[34–39] (see also the review [40]). The idea is that one writes down an action for perturbations
containing all possible operators allowed by the symmetries of the FRW background and
properties required of the underlying dark energy. These operators have arbitrary coeﬃcients
– 2 –

---PAGE BREAK---
that are purely functions of time and represent the maximal freedom that is permitted in
the equations of motion for perturbations. Not all these operators contribute in a distinct
manner to the perturbations [38] but they do represent the maximal freedom that one has
in deforming Einstein equations according to whichever DE properties are required. This
approach to perturbations has been implemented numerically in ref. [41].
Our approach in this paper is similar in spirit to the EFT approach, although we restrict
our attention to the Horndeski class of models [42]. The Horndeski models are the most
general set of theories of a single extra scalar degree of freedom or, equivalently, which have
equations of motion with at most second derivatives on any background [43]. The majority
of universally coupled dark energy and modiﬁed gravity models belong to this class. We
show that the evolution of linear perturbations can be completely described by specifying an
arbitrary background evolution history, the constant Ωm0 — fractional matter density today
— and four additional independent functions of time only which fully specify the eﬀects of
the dark-energy model. We provide the full set of equations for direct implementation in
standard cosmological codes. Since most popular models of dynamical dark energy fall into
the scope of this paper, they can be easily mapped onto our formulation. We present this
mapping, demonstrating how a code modiﬁed for our formulation can immediately be used
to model perturbations in these less general classes of dark-energy theories, allowing for a
single code to be used to constrain many classes of models.
Our choice of these four functions is equivalent to a particular combination of the EFT
operators of refs [34, 35], but one which has the advantage of mapping directly onto physical
eﬀects. In addition, contrary to the EFT descriptions where some of the operators enter
both the background and the perturbation properties, our formulation completely separates
the two. We also explicitly demonstrate that the four two of these parameters control the
existence of anisotropic stress while the other two control the clustering of the dark energy
A non-detection of anisotropic stress or any deviation from the standard growth rate
would constrain the parameters to lie close to their ΛCDM values of zero. Combined with
an expansion history consistent with ΛCDM, such a result would imply that any dynamical
dark-energy mechanism is responsible for no more than a small fraction of the acceleration,
with the remainder being driven by the standard vacuum energy.
We begin in section 2 by describing the scope of our approach. In section 3, we deﬁne
our formulation and present the full background and perturbation equations in Newtonian
gauge in terms of our parameter functions. We discuss the requirements posed by stabil-
ity considerations, connect our formulation to previous approaches and provide a mapping
between popular models of dark energy onto our formulation. We discuss the eﬀect of the
dark energy on the physics of structure formation in section 4, discussing the validity of
the quasi-static limit, constraints from Solar-System tests and the measurability of the dark
energy parameters. We discuss our ﬁndings and conclude in section 5. In the Appendix,
we present the relevant equation in synchronous gauge, allowing for immediate inclusion in
popular Boltzmann codes.
2
Scope: General Scalar-Tensor Theories
In this paper, we discuss the properties of linear perturbations of scalar-tensor theories be-
longing to the Horndeski class of actions [42, 43] when evolving on a cosmological background.
This action is the most general action for a single classical scalar ﬁeld in the presence of gravity
which does not result in any derivatives higher than second order in the equations of motion
– 3 –

---PAGE BREAK---
on any metric. We assume that the weak equivalence principle holds and therefore that all
matter species external to the scalar-tensor system are coupled minimally and universally.
The combined action for gravity and the scalar is deﬁned by
S =
ˆ
d4x √−g
" 5
X
i=2
Li + Lm[gµν]
#
,
(2.1)
where gµν is the metric to which the matter sector, described by Lm, is coupled.1
For
the purpose of this paper, the matter sector should be thought of as describing all of dark
matter, baryons, radiation and neutrinos; we will not diﬀerentiate between them here. The
Lagrangians Li are usually written as
L2 = K(φ, X) ,
L3 = −G3(φ, X)□φ ,
L4 = G4(φ, X)R + G4X(φ, X)
h
(□φ)2 −φ;µνφ;µνi
,
L5 = G5(φ, X)Gµνφ;µν −1
6G5X(φ, X)
h
(□φ)3 + 2φ;µνφ;ναφ;αµ −3φ;µνφ;µν□φ
i
.
The couplings to gravity are completely ﬁxed by the Lagrangians L4−5. The four functions
K(φ, X) and Gi(φ, X) are arbitrary functions of the scalar ﬁeld φ and its canonical kinetic
term X = −φ;µφ;µ/2. The subscript X represents a derivative w.r.t. X while φ is a derivative
w.r.t. the ﬁeld φ. This class of models therefore comprises four functional degrees of freedom
which will combine into the four degrees of freedom in our parameterisation.
This general class of actions includes essentially all universally coupled models of dark
energy with one scalar degree of freedom: quintessence [1, 2], Brans-Dicke models [44], k-
essence [45, 46], kinetic gravity braiding [47–49], galileons [50, 51]. Archetypal modiﬁed-
gravity models such as f(R) [3] and f(G) [52] gravity are within our purview.
Models
such as Dvali-Gabadadze-Porrati (DGP) gravity [53] or ghost-free massive gravity [54–56]
lie outside of our purview.
However, their appropriately covariantised decoupling limits,
Galileon Cosmology [57] and proxy massive gravity [58, 59], which should correctly capture
the behaviour of the scalar degree of freedom, do belong to the Horndeski class and therefore
are described by our formulation.
As we explain later, our approach is also closely related to the eﬀective ﬁeld theory
method of describing linear perturbations on the Friedman cosmological metric.
It was
proven in ref. [36] that the maximal theory for linear perturbation described by equations
with no more than second derivatives is equivalent to that given by the Horndeski action.
Although ref. [36] notes that there is an extension allowed where the Einstein equations
contain third derivatives, but the equation for the propagating scalar degree of freedom does
not. Surprisingly, this structure seems to be repeated on non-linear level [60].2
Some models of dark energy break the equivalence principle between the baryonic and
dark sectors (e.g. coupled quintessence [62] or non-universal disformal couplings [63, 64])
allowing, for example, for a much simpler evasion of Solar-System constraints. Our method
could be extended to these models quite simply with the introduction of an additional para-
meter for the coupling to dark matter and the relative DM/baryon density. We must note
1We use the (−+ ++) signature convention.
2See also the possibly related ref. [61].
– 4 –

---PAGE BREAK---
that our framework does not in general cover such classes of models as: Lorentz-invariance-
violating models (e.g. Hoˇrava-Lifschitz models [65, 66]) or non-conservative ﬂuids arising from
high-temperature self interactions of a scalar (e.g. Dark Goo [67]).
3
Minimal Description of Dynamics
We assume that the universe is well described by small scalar perturbations on top of a FRW
metric. We assume spatial ﬂatness and use the Newtonian gauge with the notation of ref. [68]
throughout the paper3, i.e. the line element takes the form
ds2 = −(1 + 2Ψ)dt2 + a2(t)(1 −2Φ)dx2 .
(3.1)
We have chosen this gauge since the metric potentials Φ and Ψ are in fact cosmological
observables [11]. We present the main results in synchronous gauge in the Appendix C.
The purpose of the presentation that follows in the rest of this section is dual. Firstly,
it provides suﬃcient information to fully solve for the evolution of linear cosmological per-
turbations in any particular dark-energy model in the Horndeski class. Given an action for
a model, all one is required to do is to compute the form of four functions αi deﬁned in
section 3.1 and solve the resulting equations of motion for the background and perturba-
tions. On this level, the method gives a uniﬁed, “write once use many” approach for evolving
linear large-scale structure in dark energy models. To obtain constraints on parameters of
the Lagrangian, the algorithm would need to scan through potential initial conditions on the
scalar ﬁeld value, solving for the background evolution and then determining the values of
the αi as a function of time for that model. This is what is being done today for example
for covariant galileon models [69]; our formulation essentially provides a book-keeping device
when seen from this perspective.
However, a potentially more fruitful approach would be one close to that taken by
EFT methods: observations to date have determined that the background expansion history
appears close to ΛCDM. Since our description identiﬁes the maximal number of functions
independent of background expansion, the equations we provide can be used to constrain the
forms of these property functions αi compatible with the observed quasi-ΛCDM background,
without making any reference to a particular model or initial conditions for the scalar’s
background value. In fact, the values of the functions αi are the maximum unambiguous
information that can ever be extracted about such dark-energy models from the evolution of
linear cosmological perturbations.
We now describe the physical meaning and origin of the four property functions αi, be-
fore turning to the background equations and stability tests and ﬁnally the full perturbations
equations involving all of these property functions.
3.1
Non-Redundant Set of Linear-Perturbation Properties
It is well known that the evolution history of the cosmological background does not specify
the dark-energy model (for example quintessence and f(R) gravity have diﬀerent predictions
for the growth of structure given the same expansion history). The main result of this paper
is that we have formulated the possible linear perturbation theory for dark-energy models
belonging to class (2.1) in terms of four functions of time, αi(t). Augmenting them with the
3Note that in this paper we used Ψ and Φ instead of ψ and φ, being these potentials the correspondent
gauge invariant variables in the Newtonian gauge.
– 5 –

---PAGE BREAK---
background evolution history H(t) and the matter density today ˜ρm0 fully determines the
evolution of large-scale structure. It is important to stress that for a general model all of
these are completely independent. Equally importantly: this is the minimal set of functional
parameters which is capable of describing all models within our scope.
When considering a particular model, with appropriate initial conditions for the back-
ground variables, the four functions αi are determined by the Lagrangian and the value of the
scalar ﬁeld through the deﬁnitions (A.7-A.10). On one hand they can be considered a helpful
compression of the perturbations equations. However, this is not the approach we advocate
here. Given a ﬁxed background and ˜ρm0, any two trajectories in any two seemingly diﬀerent
models which have the same αi exhibit absolutely no diﬀerence in their behaviour. This
implies that no measurements of linear structure can ever say anything about the particular
theory of dark energy beyond the measurement of ρm0 and αi(t). This is the maximum extent
to which dark-energy Horndeski Lagrangians can ever be reconstructed using linear-theory
observations.
The above is strictly true only when the scalar rolls monotonically, i.e. ˙φ ̸= 0. If there
are oscillations of the background values (e.g. see ref. [70]), then the equations need to be
expanded and they do depend also on the value of ˙φ. In such a case, the full model must be
supplied and solved for.
Since the four DE property functions αi are arbitrary and independent of the back-
ground, the matter sector and of each other, we argue that they should be thought of as
being essentially the relevant independent physical properties of the dark energy and should
be the ones targeted for measurement. We describe the physical meaning of these function
here, while their analytic deﬁnition in terms of the Horndeski functions K and Gi can be
found in Appendix A,
• αK, kineticity. Kinetic energy of scalar perturbations arising directly from the action.
It is the only contribution of perfect-ﬂuid models but is not present at all in archetypal
“modiﬁed gravity” models such as f(R) and f(G). Large values act to suppress the
sound speed of scalar perturbations. Contribution from all of K, G3, G4, G5.
• αB, braiding. Signiﬁes braiding, or mixing of the kinetic terms of the scalar and metric.
Contributes to kinetic energy of scalar perturbations indirectly, by backreacting through
gravity. Second time derivatives of metric and scalar ﬁeld to appear in equations of
motion for both the scalar and the metric. Causes dark energy to cluster. Contributions
from G3, G4, G5.
• αM, Planck-mass run rate. Rate of evolution of the eﬀective Planck mass. A constant
redeﬁnition of the Planck mass does not aﬀect physics. Its time evolution in the Jordan
frame of the observer creates anisotropic stress. Contributions from G4 and G5.
• αT, tensor speed excess. Deviation of the speed of gravitational waves from that of
light. This violation of Lorentz-invariance for tensors also changes the response of the
Newtonian potential Ψ to matter sources even in the presence of no scalar perturbations,
leading to anisotropic stress. Contributions from G4 and G5.
The existence of these four contributions can be roughly allocated to the four possible types
of perturbation structures in the dark-energy EMT at linear order. Following ref. [26], we
analyse the perturbations on “comoving” φ = const (equal clock) hypersurfaces.
– 6 –

---PAGE BREAK---
• The αK contributions are essentially those of linear perturbations of the standard
perfect-ﬂuid EMT.
• Braiding αB represents a space-like energy ﬂux vector qi in this frame (a T 0i contri-
bution); essentially this is a generalisation of the imperfect contributions described for
kinetic gravity braiding models in [49].
• The change in the speed of tensors αT arises as a contribution in the DE EMT propor-
tional to the curvature of the spatial comoving hypersurfaces, (3)Rµν, which contains
the graviton gradient terms. The eﬀect of this is to introduce an oﬀset between the two
metric potentials, i.e. anisotropic stress.
• Finally, αM is a result of contributions in the EMT proportional to the Einstein tensor.
On φ = const hypersurfaces at linear order it has no impact. However, any variation
of the Planck mass represents a conformal rescaling of the metric which splits the two
gravitational potentials introducing anisotropic stress.
We have have presented a list of αi’s for a selection of popular dark-energy model classes
in table 1. Typically, any particular dark-energy model class will only turn on one of the
αi’s (perfect ﬂuids), or the values of multiple parameters will be related (e.g. f(R)). Thus
measuring the appropriate values of the parameters allows for a determination of the class of
models into which the dark energy falls. Standard parameterisations for particular models
can easily be used by ﬁnding the appropriate conversion between them and the αi.
In principle, it might be possible to directly measure the parameters αi as a function of
redshift given good enough data (see the null tests of ref. [11] for a method), but most likely
they will have to be inferred from the integrated total of cosmological structure-formation
data. This means that a parameterisation is necessary, especially if this method is to be
implemented in Boltzmann codes. For a general parameterisation we propose that
αi = (1 −˜Ωm)ˆαi ,
ˆαi = const
(3.2)
be used. This sort of parameterisation reﬂects the fact the values of αi are driven by the
same functions of the scalar ﬁeld as the energy density and their derivatives. Thus naively
one would expect them to be of similar size, i.e. ˆαi ∼1. If any of the ˆαi ≫1 (for example,
in a perfect ﬂuid model with c2
s ≪1 + wX), then this is a sign that the energy density and
pressure both have some kind of cancellation which disappears when additional derivatives
are taken to form the αi. Thus this kind of situation, which is in principle perfectly well
allowed, can be considered evidence of tuning in the structure of the Lagrangian. Finally, the
situation where all the ˆαi ≪1 implies that the acceleration is mainly driven by a cosmological
constant, with a marginal contribution from the dynamical dark-energy mechanism.
3.2
Cosmological Background
The Friedmann equations can be obtained in the usual manner. The ambiguity is the fact
that in Horndeski theories the Planck mass can be a function of time. In particular, the role
of the Planck mass is played by
M2
∗(φ, X, H) ≡2

G4 −2XG4X + XG5φ −˙φHXG5X

,
(3.3)
which depends on time implicitly through the solution realised by the universe in φ, X and
H. If the Planck mass M2
∗is constant on the solution realised by the Universe then it can
– 7 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Model Class
αK
αB
αM
αT
ΛCDM
0
0
0
0
cuscuton (wX ̸= −1)
[71]
0
0
0
0
quintessence
[1, 2]
(1 −Ωm)(1 + wX)
0
0
0
k-essence/perfect ﬂuid
[45, 46]
(1−Ωm)(1+wX)
c2s
0
0
0
kinetic gravity braiding
[47–49]
m2(nm+κφ)/H2M2
Pl
mκ/HM2
Pl
0
0
galileon cosmology
[57]
−3/2α3
MH2r2
ce2φ/M
αK/6 −αM
−2 ˙φ/HM
0
BDK
[26]
˙φ2K, ˙φ ˙φe−κ/H2M2
−αM
˙κ/H
0
metric f(R)
[3, 72]
0
−αM
B ˙H/H2
0
MSG/Palatini f(R)
[73, 74]
−3/2α2
M
−αM
2 ˙φ/H
0
f(Gauss-Bonnet)
[52, 75, 76]
0
−2H ˙ξ
M2+H ˙ξ
˙H ˙ξ+H ¨ξ
H(M2+H ˙ξ)
¨ξ−H ˙ξ
M2+H ˙ξ
Table 1. Parameter functions αi for various classes of models determined from their actions using
deﬁnitions (A.6-A.10). For example in quintessence models, background evolution determines ab-
solutely everything about linear perturbations, while in k-essence we have an additional degree of
freedom, the sound speed. Perfect-ﬂuid models are described by just the kineticity αK. On the other
hand, the archetypal “modiﬁed gravity” models such as f(R) and f(G) have αK = 0, but turn on
other directions in the space of perturbations. Most simple models of dark energy are described by a
single or possibly two functions forming a subspace in the full potential theory space spanned by the
αi.
have no eﬀect on observables, since masses can always be redeﬁned to reabsorb it. The only
dependence of physics can be on the (dimensionless) rate of evolution of the Planck mass
which is one of the property functions described in section 3.1,
αM ≡H−1 d ln M2
∗
dt
.
(3.4)
The Friedmann equations are
3H2 = ˜ρm + ˜E
(3.5)
2 ˙H + 3H2 = −˜pm −˜P
where we have kept the left-hand side standard. ˜ρm and ˜pm are the background energy density
and pressure of all the matter components together, while ˜E and ˜P are the background energy
density and pressure of the dark energy.4 We also sometimes use the matter equation of state
parameter and the fractional matter density,
wm ≡˜pm
˜ρm
,
˜Ωm ≡˜ρm
3H2 .
(3.6)
4Bear in mind that we have removed some terms that appear in the EMT by collecting them to form the
Planck mass M 2
∗, eq. (3.3).
– 8 –

---PAGE BREAK---
We are using the tilde to indicate that all the quantities are divided by M2
∗, e.g.
˜ρm ≡ρm
M2∗
.
(3.7)
The full expressions for ˜E and ˜P are given in the Appendix A, eqs. (A.1) and (A.2). Here
we will only note that the pressure term contains a dependence on ¨φ,
˜P ≡˜P(φ, X, H) −αB
H ¨φ
˙φ ,
(3.8)
where ˜P is the part of the pressure only depending on φ, X and H. The dependence on
¨φ results from kinetic braiding, the mixing between the scalar and metric kinetic terms
which was extensively described as an essential feature of kinetic gravity braiding models in
Refs [47, 49]. In general Horndeski models, the braiding αB receives contributions from all
of G3−5 and is deﬁned in the Appendix in eq. (A.9).
As a result of absorbing a potentially time-evolving Planck mass in the deﬁnition of the
tilded quantities such as (3.7), the energy density is not necessarily covariantly conserved,
˙˜ρm + 3H (˜ρm + ˜pm) = −αMH ˜ρm ,
(3.9)
˙˜E + 3H
 ˜E + ˜P

= αMH ˜ρm ,
but rather is exchanged between the scalar and matter subsystems whenever the value of
M2
∗is changing. This presents a slight complication: one must either keep track of the value
of M2
∗but is then able to use the standard conservation laws for the untilded quantities.
Alternatively, the densities of all matter species need to appropriately integrated whenever
αM ̸= 0 using Eq. (3.9).
It is important to stress that, despite appearing in background equations, both αB and
αM are only possible to determine through their inﬂuence on structure formation. Any ex-
pansion history can be realised for any choice of these two functions. However, the linear
perturbation theory changes when these functions change and this physics cannot be replic-
ated by changing the other parameters. They are thus linear-perturbation properties and
their appearance in this section is stressed only to guide those working to constrain models
with fully deﬁned actions, rather than in the eﬀective framework advocated here.
Given the non-conservation of the matter components whenever the Planck mass runs,
there is an ambiguity as to the deﬁnition of the equation of state and its relation to evolution
of energy density for the dark energy. We will choose to make an operational deﬁnition based
on the Friedmann equations (3.5) and therefore on the dark-energy background conﬁguration,
1 + wX ≡
˜E + ˜P
˜E
= −2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm
3H2 + ˜ρm
.
(3.10)
This choice does not in general fully determine the evolution of dark-energy energy density,
but is a useful book-keeping device in the perturbation equations and stability analysis.
We should note that the observation of the background expansion history only determines
H(z)/H0. The value of ˜ρm0, the density of the matter sector today, is a free parameter that
can only be determined through measurement of large-scale structure [10, 11]. Depending
on diﬀerent choices of ˜ρm0, the history of wX will also diﬀer given a background expansion
history ﬁxed by observations.
– 9 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Finally, the scalar ﬁeld value evolves according to the equation of motion which can be
written succinctly as,
˙n + 3Hn = Pφ ,
(3.11)
where n, deﬁned in the Appendix in eq. (A.4), is a shift charge density which is covariantly
conserved whenever the action exhibits a Noether symmetry with respect to constant shifts,
φ →φ + const.
Pφ is a partial derivative of the pressure with respect to φ, deﬁned by
eq. (A.5). Whenever the shift symmetry is present, the models feature attractors where the
charge density n = 0. These provide natural scaling solutions and post-inﬂationary conditions
for the models [47, 77].
3.3
Background Stability
One of the complications of the non-canonical Horndeski models is that backgrounds can
become unstable to perturbations. The meaning of these instabilities is that the background
solution found is no longer appropriate. This is a particular concern when no full action is
given, but a more phenomenological approach we advocate here is taken. Thus one must
ensure that instabilities are not present and discard a particular range of parameters if they
are found.
Generally, the background can suﬀer either from ghost or gradient instabilities, or both.
Gradient instabilities occur when the background evolves to a region where the speed of
sound squared of the perturbations is negative, leading to an exponential destabilisation of
the perturbations at small scales, with timescales of the order of the cutoﬀof the theory.
Ghost instabilities occur when the sign of the kinetic term for of the background perturbations
is wrong. Usually, they are discussed in the context of quantum stability since the vacuum
can destabilise to produce ghost and normal modes, if ghosts are present, dynamical and
coupled (see estimates of the rates of such destabilisation in [78]).
The second-order action for perturbations of the Horndeski action was ﬁrst derived in
ref. [79] where a 3+1 decomposition in the unitary gauge to obtain actions for the propagating
modes: the tensors (gravitational waves) hij, the scalar ζ and the perfect-ﬂuid matter sound
waves, the last of which which we will not write out here,
S2 =
ˆ
dtd3xa3
"
QS
 
˙ζ2 −c2
s
a2 (∂iζ)
!
+ QT
 
˙h2
ij −c2
T
a2 (∂khij)2
!#
,
(3.12)
with the stability of the background to the scalar modes requiring
QS =
2M2
∗D
(2 −αB)2 > 0 ,
D ≡αK + 3
2α2
B ,
(3.13)
c2
s = −
(2 −αB)
h ˙H −1
2H2αB (1 + αT) −H2 (αM −αT)
i
−H ˙αB + ˜ρm + ˜pm
H2D
> 0 ,
while the stability to the tensor modes requires
QT = M2
∗
8
> 0 ,
(3.14)
c2
T = 1 + αT > 0 .
– 10 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Taking all the conditions together also implies that the no-ghost condition for the scalar
perturbations reduces to D > 0. We should note here that cs is the speed of propagation
of small scalar perturbations in the inﬁnite frequency (eikonal) limit, k →∞, and therefore
a statement about the causal structure of the model. It is therefore not a function of scale
but only of time. It is not in general equivalent to the frequently used function C2 relating
the dark-energy pressure and density perturbations, δP ≡C2δE, which usually depends on
scale, but which is not necessarily related to stability (see e.g. the discussion in ref. [26]).
It is the expression for QT that validates why we chose to call M2
∗, eq. (3.3), the eﬀective
Planck mass: the unambiguous meaning of Planck mass is as the normalisation of the graviton
kinetic term. The action for the tensor perturbations also clariﬁes the meaning of αT: it is
the deviation of the speed of tensors from the speed of light. The graviton gradient terms
are contained in the Ricci scalar of the spatial hypersurface in unitary gauge, (3)R.
When evaluating the suitability of backgrounds, one must ensure that all conditions
(3.13) and (3.14) are satisﬁed at all times of interest. When αB ̸= 0, the region of phase
space where D = 0 represents a pressure singularity [47] and no trajectory ever evolves across
it [80]. However, nothing in the background dynamics prevents a trajectory with c2
s > 0 from
crossing into an unstable region. It is also possible that theories which violate the null energy
condition suﬀer from some sort of non-linear instability even when they do not exhibit the
instabilities described above [81].
One may, in principle, also wish to constrain the viable models to such trajectories where
the speeds of sound are subluminal. Subluminality is a necessary precondition for there to
exist a standard Wilsonian ultraviolet completion of the action [82]. However, in general
Horndeski models superluminalities always exist somewhere in the phase space, especially in
the presence of matter external to the scalar [83]. There are not necessarily causal paradoxes
in theories with superluminality [84, 85], but these theories must be ultraviolet completed in
an alternative way, e.g. via classicalisation [86, 87].
3.4
Linear Perturbations
The value of the scalar ﬁeld value is not an observable. We can reparameterise the ﬁeld
by deﬁning a new ˜φ ≡˜φ(φ) and all observables must remain unchanged. This means that
focussing on the scalar’s value introduces unobservable redundancy into the description.
Instead, one can notice that the scalar-ﬁeld gradient forms a natural four-velocity,
uµ ≡−∂µφ
√
2X
,
(3.15)
which deﬁnes a comoving frame, provided that ∂µφ be timelike, X > 0. The meaning of φ
then is one of a clock and its gradient is the time direction for an observer at rest in this frame.
The perturbation of the scalar, when appropriately normalised, can then be interpreted as a
scalar potential for a peculiar velocity ﬁeld,
vX ≡−δφ
˙φ ,
(3.16)
where the overdot denotes the derivative with respect to the coordinate time t. This velocity
potential is then invariant under the reparameterisations of φ and allows us to write down
a much simpler set of perturbations equations. Oscillating models, where the background
ﬁeld velocity ˙φ crosses zero, cannot be directly described using our formulation, since the
– 11 –

---PAGE BREAK---
singularities in (3.16) would have to be appropriately accounted for.
The main result of this paper is the non-redundant formulation of linear cosmological
perturbation equations in a manner immediately implementable in codes for calculating linear
large-scale structure such as CAMB [13] or CLASS [14, 88]. We present the Einstein equations
below in the user-friendly Newtonian gauge and coordinate time, providing the conformal-
time synchronous-gauge version in Appendix C. We are not the ﬁrst to derive these equations
(see refs [34, 35, 89] and section 3.5), but we argue in this paper that our choice of variables
allows for the separation of diﬀerent physical eﬀects and a natural limit to concordance
cosmology. This allows us to discuss the physics of general Horndeski theories with relative
ease in section 4.
The eﬀect of the presence of the Horndeski scalar is to introduce the dynamical velocity
potential vX, describing the perturbation of the scalar ﬁeld through eq. (3.16). We keep these
terms on the left-hand side of the perturbed Einstein equations to emphasise the gravity-like
nature of this degree of freedom, resulting from the universality of its coupling. In addition,
the scalar’s background conﬁguration changes the coeﬃcients of the gravitational potentials
away from their standard values arising from the Einstein tensor. On the right-hand-side of
the Einstein equations lie the standard contributions of all the matter sources in the cosmo-
logy: dark matter, baryons, photons and neutrinos.
The Hamiltonian constraint (Einstein (00) equation) takes the form:
3 (2 −αB) H ˙Φ + (6 −αK −6αB) H2Ψ + 2k2Φ
a2
(3.17)
−(αK + 3αB) H2 ˙vX −
"
αB
k2
a2 −3 ˙HαB + 3

2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm
#
HvX = −˜ρmδm ,
the momentum constraint (Einstein (0i) equation)
2 ˙Φ + (2 −αB) HΨ −αBH ˙vX −

2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm

vX = −(˜ρm + ˜pm) vm ,
(3.18)
the anisotropy constraint (spatial traceless part of the Einstein equations)
Ψ −(1 + αT) Φ −(αM −αT) HvX = ˜pmπm ,
(3.19)
and the pressure equation (spatial trace part of the Einstein equations)
2¨Φ −αBH¨vX + 2 (3 + αM) H ˙Φ + (2 −αB) H ˙Ψ
(3.20)
+
h
H2 (2 −αB) (3 + αM) −(αBH). + 4 ˙H −

2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm
i
Ψ
−
h
2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm

+ (αBH). + H2αB (3 + αM)
i
˙vX
−
h
2 ¨H + 2 ˙HH (3 + αM) + ˙˜pm + αMH ˜pm
i
vX = δpm/M 2
∗,
where we have kept the eﬀective Planck mass on the right hand side explicitly to stress that
the matter-pressure perturbation refers only to the matter sector and not any perturbations
in the Planck mass, which are already included on the left-hand side.
– 12 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Finally, the equation of motion for the scalar velocity potential vX,
3HαB ¨Φ + H2αK¨vX −3
h
2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm

−H2αB (3 + αM) −(αBH).i ˙Φ
(3.21)
+ (αK + 3αB) H2 ˙Ψ −2 (αM −αT) H k2
a2 Φ −αBH k2
a2 Ψ−
−
h
3

2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm

−˙H(2αK + 9αB)−
−H ( ˙αK + 3 ˙αB) −H2 (3 + αM) (αK + 3αB)
i
HΨ+
+
h
2 ˙HαK + ˙αKH + H2αK (3 + αM)
i
H ˙vX + H2M2vX+
+
h
−

2 ˙H + ˜ρm + ˜pm

+ 2H2 (αM −αT) + H2αB (1 + αM) + (αBH).i k2
a2 vX = 0 ,
with
H2M2 ≡3 ˙H
h ˙H (2 −αB) + ˜ρm + ˜pm −H ˙αB
i
−3HαB
h ¨H + ˙HH (3 + αM)
i
.
(3.22)
The system is completed by the standard evolution for the perturbations of the combined
matter sector — δm, vm, δpm and πm — obtained through the usual Boltzmann code.
The most important feature of this formulation of the equations is that the evolution
equations depend only on the standard matter-sector perturbation quantities, the background
expansion history H(t) (and its derivatives ˙H and ¨H), the background energy density and
pressure of the matter sector, and the values of the four dimensionless functions of time αi(t)
which fully deﬁne the properties of the dark-energy perturbations. All of these elements are
in general completely independent of each other and can take arbitrary values. The values
of the scalar ﬁeld φ or the velocity ˙φ do not enter the any of the equations directly at all.
This formulation is purely in terms of physical quantities.
The expansion history H(t)/H0 has been quite precisely observed and is seen to match
that of ΛCDM with parameter ΩΛCDM
m0
quite closely (e.g. [90, 91]). One can vary this expan-
sion history somewhat at the price of making it less compatible with distance measurements.
Given that the matter sector is understood at linear order (DM is essentially non-interacting
and follows geodesics, baryons and photons interact at high densities, neutrinos do not inter-
act) the evolution of the background evolution of each of the components and perturbations
is determined. However, it is frequently not appreciated that the energy density of matter
today ˜ρm0 is a free parameter that cannot be determined from the expansion history without
a prior knowledge of the dark-energy evolution history [10]: one can keep H(t) ﬁxed to be
e.g. exactly ΛCDM while altering the amount of dark matter and simultaneously appropri-
ately changing the evolution of the equation of state. Essentially, Ωm0 can only be determined
from the growth of perturbations even in simple dark-energy cases like quintessence.5
Indeed, in our formulation, one can think of picking a value for ˜Ωm0 ̸= ΩΛCDM
m0
for a
ﬁxed ΛCDM expansion history as describing a dark-energy model which tracks the energy
density of the matter sector at early times and therefore is a model of early dark energy
5Seen in this light, even cluster counts are a measure of the amplitude of the gravitational potential and
therefore a non-linear measure of the perturbations and not of background evolution.
– 13 –

---PAGE BREAK---
(“EDE”) with an eﬀective parameterisation similar to ref. [92].
Such tracker models are
tightly constrained by cosmic-microwave-background data [93–95], but this is assuming that
the dark energy does not cluster. A dark energy that tracks the background equation of
state but clusters at all scales during recombination and afterwards would act exactly like
dark matter and therefore is not constrained at all. Our formulation gives an easy way to
investigate the viability of such models.
We note that in the limit αi →0 together with 2 ˙H + ˜ρm →0, the equations (3.17-
3.20) reduce to the standard ΛCDM Einstein equations, while the equation of motion for the
scalar (3.21) identically vanishes, since the scalar degree of freedom is no longer present. This
means that, for suﬃciently small deviations from this limit, the growth of perturbations will
be suﬃciently close to that of ΛCDM and this parameterisation has the concordance model
as its natural limit.
On the other hand, the limit αi →0 but with a non-ΛCDM expansion history is a little
peculiar: eq. (3.21) reduces to a constraint. the constraint structure of general relativity is
modiﬁed allowing for an arbitrary evolution of the background. In fact, this limit is equivalent
to the cuscuton model of refs [71, 96] which is a limit of the k-essence class of models where
the sound speed is inﬁnite. It should be noted that such a limit is the proper way of modelling
perturbations within the context of a wCDM cosmology that preserves general covariance of
the full action.
Finally, as is well known (e.g. [72]), exactly ΛCDM expansion history does not neces-
sarily imply that perturbations grow as in ΛCDM. As discussed above, this is obviously true
for models with EDE where ˜Ωm0 ̸= ΩΛCDM
m0
. However, even in the case 2 ˙H + ˜ρm = 0 the
Einstein equations diﬀer by the arbitrary functions αi, which alter the solutions on top of
the concordance background and can change growth rates.
3.5
Connection to EFT
We have chosen the set of variables αi related to the form of the perturbations of the
dark-energy EMT, since that is most simply related to physical properties of the perturba-
tions. However, our approach is very much equivalent to the recent results obtained through
eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory methods [34–38]. Since the Horndeski Lagrangian describes all theories
with no more than second derivatives in their equations of motion on the FRW background,
the two approaches diﬀer by essentially a redeﬁnition of variables for this subclass of models.
The EFT framework does allow for an extension which involve third derivatives in the Ein-
stein equations, which cancel once the constraints are solved [36, 60]. In principle an extra
property function would have to be added to our formulation to describe such theories.
As we have explained above, our claim is that our variables are more concretely connec-
ted to physical properties of the perturbations and the energy-momentum tensor, whereas
the EFT framework describes perturbations through coeﬃcients of particular operators per-
mitted by the symmetries of the Friedmann background. The beneﬁt of our approach is that
it cleanly separates the properties of the background expansion ( ˙H and Ωm0) from those of
the perturbations (αi), whereas the EFT approach mixes the two. Moreover, as noted by
ref. [38], the EFT approach has some redundancy, which when removed reduces to the same
number of degrees of freedom as we have in our minimal framework, ﬁve. We have provided
a mapping between the EFT operators and our αi in table 2, as well as deﬁnitions employed
by other authors in the past to connect all these approaches together.
– 14 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Variable Translations
M 2
∗
M 2
∗HαM
M 2
∗H2αK
M 2
∗HαB
M 2
∗αT
Amendola et al.
[10]
w1
˙w1
2
3 w3 + 6Hw2 −6H2w1
−w2 + 2Hw1
w4 −w1
Bloomﬁeld et al.
[35, 37]
m2
0Ω+ ¯
M2
2
m2
0 ˙Ω+ ˙¯
M2
2
2c + 4M4
2
−¯
M3
1 −m2
0 ˙Ω
−¯
M2
2
De Felice et al.
[89]
GT
˙GT
2Σ + 12HΘ −6H2GT
−2Θ + 2HGT
FT −GT
Gubitosi et al.
[34, 36]
M2
∗f + 2m2
4
M2
∗˙f + 2 m2
4
·
2c + 4M4
2
−m3
3 −M2
∗˙f
−2m2
4
Piazza et al.
[38]
M2(1 + ϵ4)
 M2(1 + ϵ4)·
2M2(C + 2µ2
2)
−M2(µ3 + µ)
−M2ϵ4
Table 2. Translation table between the independent linear perturbation variables αi in our formula-
tion and deﬁnitions used in other works. Our approach is equivalent to the EFT methods, but removes
the redundancy in the description. For example, our αK is a combination of the EFT variables c and
M 4
2 : they never appear separately in the perturbations equations (3.17-3.21) or stability conditions
(3.13-3.14) and therefore cannot be individually constrained, as already pointed out in (3.17). We
discuss the relation of our variables to classes of dark energy models in table 1 and their impact on
physics and therefore detectability in section 4.
4
Physics of Horndeski Linear Structure Formation
We eliminate the scalar ﬁeld vX using the constraints (3.17-3.19) and the time derivative of
eq. (3.19) to obtain a dynamical equation for the potential Φ with a source driven by the
matter perturbations,
¨Φ + β1β2 + β3α2
B
k2
a2
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
˙Φ + β1β4 + β1β5 k2
a2 + c2
sα2
B
k4
a4
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
Φ = −1
2 ˜ρm
β1β6 + β7α2
B
k2
a2
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
δm ,
(4.1)
where the functions βi ≡βi (t) are all functions of the property functions αi and the back-
ground H(t), deﬁned in appendix B. We have neglected the matter velocity term since for the
purposes of this section we will assume it that the matter is dust and therefore the velocities
are irrelevant inside the cosmological horizon. We can obtain the Newtonian potential Ψ
through a version of the constraint (3.19) with the scalar ﬁeld eliminated,
α2
B
k2
a2

Ψ −Φ

1 + αT + 2 (αM −αT)
αB

+
(4.2)
+β1
"
Ψ −Φ (1 + αT)
 
1 −2DH2 (αM −αT)
β1
!#
= (αM −αT)
h
αB˜ρmδm −2HD ˙Φ
i
.
Augmented with the standard evolution equations for dust perturbations
˙δm −k2
a2 vm = 3 ˙Φ ,
˙vm = −Ψ ,
(4.3)
eqs (4.1) and (4.2) form the complete dynamical system.
The equations presented in section 3.4 describe in full generality the evolution of ﬁrst-
order scalar perturbations in models within the scope deﬁned in section 2, and they are in
the natural form for implementation in numerical codes such as CAMB [13] and CLASS
[14, 15]. However, for the purpose of interpreting the physics, it is helpful to eliminate the
– 15 –

---PAGE BREAK---
scalar ﬁeld vX and express all of the dynamics in terms of the variables familiar from the
standard ΛCDM case.
We have written the equations (4.1) and (4.2) in a particular manner to make explicit
the existence of a new transition scale in the behaviour of the dynamics, which we will call
the braiding scale kB. Whenever there is any kinetic braiding, αB ̸= 0, then the response of
the gravitational potentials will transition between two separate regimes at the scale
k2
B
a2H2 ≡
β1
α2
BH2 = D
α2
B
h
(1 −˜Ωm)(1 + wX) + 2 (αM −αT)
i
+ 9
2
˜Ωm .
(4.4)
During matter domination, the braiding scale — if it at all exists, αB ̸= 0 — typically lies at
the cosmological horizon, but can lie inside when
αK
α2
B
(1 −˜Ωm)(1 + wX) ≫1 .
(4.5)
The same braiding scale kB appears in both the dynamical equation (4.1) and in the aniso-
tropy constraint (4.2) and was discussed for the ﬁrst time in ref. [26] in the context of a small
subclass of the models being considered here.6 If kB lies subhorizon, this is evidence of a
hierarchy between the values of αK and αB. In archetypal modiﬁed-gravity models such as
f(R) and f(G), αK = 0 and therefore kB always lies either close to or outside the cosmolo-
gical horizon. The whole subhorizon regime always exhibits braiding in these models (in the
linear regime).
When considering the observable impact, it is usual to compress any modiﬁcations from
the concordance case into an eﬀective Newton’s constant and the slip parameter. Since there
are two potentials, two eﬀective Newton’s constants can be deﬁned,
Y ≡−2k2Ψ
a2˜ρmδm
,
Z ≡−2k2Φ
a2˜ρmδm
.
(4.6)
One usually discusses Y , since this is the term that enters directly in the equations for growth
rate for matter perturbations (see e.g. [20]). However, it is actually Φ that is the dynamical
variable (related to the spatial curvature perturbation) and it turns out to generically have a
simpler behaviour. Thus Z should be considered more amenable to parameterisation in the
classes of models considered here. Since it is Z that appears in the Hamiltonian constraint,
eq. (3.17), it is a deviation of Z from its subhorizon GR value of 1 that signiﬁes that dark
energy clusters.
An honestly model-independent observable that can be measured by comparing weak
lensing and redshift-space distortions is the slip parameter describing the anisotropic stress,
¯η ≡
2Ψ
Ψ + Φ .
(4.7)
We have chosen a non-standard deﬁnition of this ratio to reﬂect the fact that projected
measurement errors from Euclid are minimised for this particular combination and could
be as low as a few percent under certain assumptions [12]. A parameterisation of one of
6It was named the imperfect scale in ref. [26], since the anisotropic stress vanished outside it. This was the
result of a Brans-Dicke-type non-minimal coupling considered, but it is not the general behaviour, as shown
in section 4.1.
– 16 –

---PAGE BREAK---
the eﬀective Newton’s constants (4.6) and the slip parameter (4.7) is suﬃcient to describe
the dynamics of the matter sector and therefore to calculate the observables. These can be
translated to observables in more frequent use by the community through
Y =
¯η
2 −¯ηZ
Σ =
2Z
2 −¯η .
(4.8)
We devote the remainder of this section to describing the typical behaviour of these
variables in the class of models within our scope to build an understanding of what can be
expected in models which are fully consistent rather than purely phenomenological. First, one
can ignore all the scale dependence and seek the extreme quasi-static limit of the dynamics,
k →∞, where
ZQS = 1 + α2
B (1 + αT) + 2αB (αM −αT)
2Dc2s
,
(4.9)
¯ηQS = 1 +
2
 β7 −c2
s
 (αM −αT) + β7αBαT
2 (β7 −c2s) (αM −αT) + β7 (2αB + αBαT) ,
αB ̸= 0 .
We note here that the dark energy clusters at small scales (Z ̸= 1) only if there is braiding,
αB ̸= 0. Thus a detection of clustering of dark energy is unambiguous evidence of the presence
of kinetic mixing of the scalar and graviton. Secondly, the limit for ¯η taken in (4.9) does
not exist when there is no braiding (see section 4.1 for an account of what happens when
αB = 0).
In the following subsections, we discuss in more detail two limiting cases which put the
above observation on ﬁrmer footing:
• No braiding, αB = 0; the braiding scale kB does not exist. The sound speed provides
the only scale in the problem. Inside the Jeans scale, dark energy does not cluster,
Z = 1. Anisotropic stress can be non-vanishing, with a slip parameter constant as a
function of scale inside the Jeans length.
• Negligible standard kinetic term, αK ≪α2
B; the braiding scale kB is superhorizon.
There is a single transition scale determined by the Compton mass of the scalar. DE
clusters only inside the Compton scale. The slip parameter interpolates between two
values with the transition also occurring at the Compton scale.
In principle, the fully general model will contain another scale (the braiding scale kB) across
which the behaviour transitions between these two behaviours (see the behaviour in ref. [26]).
We defer a detailed description of the phenomenology to a numerical analysis, but stress that
in general such properties as anisotropic stress and DE clustering are scale-independent only
for very particular subclasses of dark-energy models.
4.1
Example: No Braiding
Here we assume that there is no braiding: the graviton and the scalar do not mix kinetically
at any scale, αB = 0. This set of models can be thought of as a generalisation of perfect-
ﬂuid models to include anisotropic stress. The new scale dependence in the coeﬃcients of
eqs. (4.1-4.2) disappears and we remain with
¨Φ + H (4 + αM + 3Υ) ˙Φ +
 
β4 + c2
sk2
a2
!
Φ = −1
2c2
s ˜ρmδm ,
(4.10)
– 17 –

---PAGE BREAK---
for the dynamical equation. The variable Υ is deﬁned in eq. (B.12); it can be thought of as a
generalisation of the adiabatic sound speed for cases where the dark energy is not a perfect
ﬂuid. The structure of eq. (4.10) is fundamentally unchanged from the case of the perfect
ﬂuid (αM = αT = 0). In particular, inside the Jeans length the eﬀective Newton’s constant
Z ≃1
for
k2
a2 ≫β4/c2
s
(4.11)
no matter what other modiﬁcations are present. Since β4 ∼H2, this range of validity of this
quasi-static approximation is essentially determined by the sound speed of the dark energy.
Despite the fact that there is no modiﬁcation in (4.11), and therefore — just as in the
case of a perfect-ﬂuid dark energy — it does not cluster, growth rates can be aﬀected, since
this sort of dark energy can carry anisotropic stress. The anisotropy constraint reduces to
Hc2
sαKΨ + H
h
c2
sαK + 2 (αM −αT)
i
(1 + αT) Φ = −2 (αM −αT) ˙Φ ,
(4.12)
i.e. it also loses any scale dependence of the coeﬃcients as well as its dependence on δm. The
only scale dependence that can appear in the slip parameter is through ˙Φ, which cannot be
neglected here, especially if c2
s ≪1.7 The scale-independent result valid in the regime of
(4.11), is
¯η = 1 +
cS2αKαT + 2 (αM −αT)2
cS2αK (2 + αT) + 2 (αM −αT)2 .
(4.13)
4.2
Example: Negligible Standard Kinetic Term
In this section, we assume that the kinetic term of the scalar mode is mainly produced
through mixing with the graviton rather than directly, α2
B ≫αK. For the sake of simplicity
of presentation, we also choose αT = 0.
These kind of models can be considered as a
generalization of the f(R) theories, since the braiding αB and the Planck-mass run rate
αM are uncorrelated here (see table 1). More generally, we are essentially describing the
behaviour of other modiﬁed gravity models such as f(G) and models with large braiding
such as Imperfect Dark Energy of ref. [47].
The positivity of the sound speed (3.13) provides an upper limit to the magnitude of
the braiding αB. We will take it to be
αB ≲˜ΩX .
(4.14)
Under this assumption, the braiding scale (4.4) always lies superhorizon,
k2
B
a2 ≡β1
α2
B
≲O(H2) .
(4.15)
and therefore inside the observable domain the dark energy scalar is always kinetically mixed
with the graviton. In this subhorizon regime, the evolution equation (4.1) reduces to
¨Φ + (3 + αM) H ˙Φ +
 
β1β5
α2
B
+ c2
s
k2
a2
!
Φ ≃−1
2 ˜ρm
 
β1β6
α2
B
k2
a2
+ β7
!
δm .
(4.16)
7This is an example of the failure of the quasi-static approximation, see section 4.3.
– 18 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Yet again, a scale is present in this equation
k2
C
a2 ≡β1β5
α2
Bc2s
(4.17)
which in the context of f(R) gravity is called the Compton mass scale [97]. On either side
of this scale, in the quasi-static limit, we have
Z =β6
β5
aH ≪k ≪kC ,
(4.18)
Z =β7
c2s
= 1 + 1
3c2s
+ 2αM
3αBc2s
k ≫kC .
The requirement that Z remain of the order of 1 in order to not catastrophically aﬀect
structure formation ensures that the coeﬃcients of Φ and δm in eq. (4.16) both transition in
their behaviour around the same scale. Thus, despite the rather peculiar k-dependence, the
behaviour of the braided models is to interpolate between two diﬀerent values of the eﬀective
Newton’s constant Z across the Compton scale. It is typical for β5 ≫1 before dark-energy
domination, ensuring that most of the scales relevant to structure formation observations are
super-Compton. We also note that Z is naturally close to 1 when the parameters αi are not
tuned to create large hierarchies.
The only scale present in the coeﬃcients of the anisotropy equation (4.2) is the scale
(4.15) which is superhorizon at all times. Therefore the only scale dependence in the slip
parameter is a result of the scale dependence in Z, thus we obtain
¯η ≡1 −
αM
αB (αM + 2Υ)
1 + Υ −3
2αBcS2 −αM
αB (αM + 2Υ)
aH ≪k ≪kC
(4.19)
¯η ≡1 +
αM
αB

1 + 2 αM
αB

3cS2 +

1 + αM
αB
 
1 + 2 αM
αB

k ≫kC
where Υ is deﬁned in eq. (B.12) and is a variable that reduces to the adiabatic sound speed
in the case of a perfect ﬂuid. Thus in general the anisotropic stress can be non-vanishing
both inside and outside the Compton scale.
A natural limit of this class of models is f(R) gravity for which αM = −αB. It can easily
be checked that at super-Compton scales both Z and ¯η are very close to their ΛCDM values
of 1 (with corrections of order αM), while inside the Compton scale we have the standard
result Z = 2/3 and ¯η = 4/3.
4.3
Comment on Quasi-Static Limit
Typically when discussing modiﬁed-gravity models, the quasi-static approximation (QS) is
used to obtain the eﬀective Newton’s constant Z and the slip parameter ¯η. This involves
neglecting all terms time derivatives in eq. (3.21), turning a dynamical equation into a con-
straint between the value of the velocity potential vX and the gravitational potential. This
result is then used in the Hamiltonian constraint (3.17) and the anisotropy constraint (3.19)
under a similar approximation to obtain Z and ¯η. Does this procedure give the same result
as the quasi-static limit of eq. (4.1) which was obtained without such approximations?
It turns out that the two results are identical in the k →∞limit (4.9). However the
term subleading in k2 are aﬀected. The reason for this is that both equation (3.18) and
– 19 –

---PAGE BREAK---
(3.20) do not have any scale dependence. As a result eliminating, the time derivatives of
vX in eq. (3.21) does not aﬀect any of the k2 terms. However the other terms are changed,
leading to non-negligible diﬀerences at larger scales. One must therefore be careful about
how the quasi-static limit is taken when calculating e.g. the Compton mass, as in section 4.2.
A separate issue is whether the QS limit is at all a good approximation to the full
dynamics at small-enough scales. In reality, taking the QS approximation is equivalent to
turning a full degree of freedom into a constraint.
In principle the dynamics of the late
universe are described by the coupled system of equations (4.1) and conservation for the
matter EMT (4.3). One should investigate the normal modes of this coupled system and ask
what their behaviour is. It may well be that an instability exists which the quasi-static limit
would hide.
In particular, the QS approximation removes from consideration the oscillating modes
which solve the homogeneous version of eq. (4.1). Whether those decay or grow compared
to the solutions obtained in the QS limit depends, among others, on the friction term in
(4.1), i.e. on the values of β2 and β3. If all the αi ≲1 −˜Ωm, then β2 ∼4H + O(αiH) and
β3 ∼3H+O(αiH) and therefore there is no large diﬀerence between the friction terms on any
scales. Inside the braiding scale the homogeneous mode may be marginally more unstable,
but probably this is not something particularly dangerous for most models. The details do
however depend on the behaviour of the mass term and should be studied more extensively.
4.4
Constraints beyond Large-Scale Structure
In addition to the eﬀect on cosmological large-scale structure driven by the modiﬁcations in
section 3.4, the realised dynamical dark energy mechanism must satisfy additional constraints
(see e.g. refs [98, 99] and references therein)
1. Bing-Bang Nucleosynthesis constrains the expansion rate to be within approximately
10% of the standard one imputed using local measurements of Newton’s constant. This
is a restriction on the evolution history of the Planck mass M∗.
2. Shapiro-time-delay tests in the Solar System constrain the parameterised post-Newtonian
parameter |γ −1| < 10−5. This is a restriction on the anisotropic stress present around
the solar solution, i.e. the slip parameter ¯η.
3. Binary-pulsar orbits decay in a manner consistent with general relativity. A new grav-
itationally coupled scalar is a new channel for radiation and therefore accelerated orbit
evolution [100].
4. If gravity is slower than the speed of light, ˇCerenkov radiation into gravitons would be
produced by particles moving suﬃciently quickly, such as cosmic rays.
One must be careful in how one interprets these constraints in the context of dynamical
dark energy.
The linear perturbation equations (3.17-3.21) must remain valid whenever
the background has all the symmetries of an FRW universe, i.e. well inside any localised
distribution of matter which is suﬃciently homogeneous and isotropic. However, it is not
necessarily true that the local values of the parameters αi are the same as those for the
cosmology at large scales. As a result of screening around localised objects, a transition
region can appear where eqs (3.17-3.21) are no longer valid and the solution interpolates
– 20 –

---PAGE BREAK---
between the cosmological and the local values of the αi (see e.g. [101, 102] and references
therein for a discussion of screening mechanisms).
The constraints (1) and (2) above should therefore be seen as constraints on the local or
Solar System values of the αi and not on their cosmological values. In particular, constraint
(1) in our context should be interpreted as
Ωm(tBBN)YSS
M2
∗(tBBN)
M2
∗,SS
−1
 ≲10% .
(4.20)
No measurement of the pure Planck mass exists, but rather the force felt by masses in the
Solar-System is a sum of both the gravitational and the scalar force and is described by the
local values of the eﬀective Newton’s constant YSS and the the Solar-System value of M∗,SS,
which may not be the same as the one at large distances today. On the other hand, the
constraints on the expansion rate during BBN are sensitive to both the value of the Planck
mass and on the presence of any early dark energy at that time.
Similarly, constraint (2) is sensitive to the Solar System value of the slip parameter, i.e.
|¯ηSS −1| =

γSS −1
2
 ≲10−5
(4.21)
which is related to the cosmological one through the screening mechanism, just as in ref. [103].
The knowledge of the screening mechanism is required to answer whether screening can
happen in the Solar System, but this requires the study of higher-order perturbation theory
and cannot be answered within the context of the linear one.
Only in models where no
screening occurs, the Solar-System values are the same as the cosmological ones and the
constraints above apply directly.
Binary-pulsar orbits in principle constrain our models at various locations in the Galaxy.
However, since neutron stars are much more compact than the Sun, the level of screening
is likely to be much stronger than in the Solar System and therefore the constraints they
provide are related to even denser environments than those of the Solar System.
Finally, constraint (4) is relevant both to the local tests but also the wider cosmological
scales. The requirement that no gravitational ˇCerenkov radiation be emitted is a lower bound
on the speed of gravity
αT ≳−10−15 ,
(4.22)
but no such upper limit exists on cosmological scales [104–106].
5
Discussion and Conclusions
In this paper, we have presented a turnkey solution for the study of linear cosmological
perturbations in general dark-energy and modiﬁed-gravity models described by the Horndeski
Lagrangian, with a formulation focussing on non-redundant variables which lead to physical
eﬀects. Our approach is essentially equivalent to the recent work within the framework of
eﬀective ﬁeld theory, amounting to a redeﬁnition of variables in this context. However, we
make explicit the variables which independently aﬀect the behaviour of perturbations and
which are constrainable by observations.
The dark-energy/gravity sector of an arbitrary
general Horndeski model can be described by ﬁve functions of time and one constant:
– 21 –

---PAGE BREAK---
1. A completely arbitrary dimensionless background expansion history H(t)/H0, which
is all that observations of distances, using supernovae, BAOs can map out (in prin-
ciple, spatial curvature Ωk0 can also be allowed as an extra constant parameter and
unambiguously measured using longitudinal BAO [10]).
2. The value of fractional matter density Ωm0.
This is a constant not determined by
measurements of the background expansion history since one can always change the
amount of dark matter and replace it with an appropriately evolving dark energy.
More appropriately, one should think of Ωm0 as being a parameter which can only
be measured by observing the evolution of cosmological perturbations, whether in the
cosmic microwave background or at late times.
3. Four arbitrary dimensionless property functions αi(t) deﬁning the eﬀect of the dark
energy model on the evolution of linear perturbations and independent from the above
and each other in the most general case.
In addition, to convert these prediction to physical units, a value of H0, the Hubble parameter
today, is necessary. Local measurements of supernovae are aﬀected by cosmic variance and
therefore not quite true measurements of the averaged H0, especially in the sense independent
of the dark-energy model [107, 108]. Alternatively, measurements of age diﬀerences of red
galaxies can be used, as proposed in refs [109, 110] (see also refs [111–113]).
All the subclasses of dark-energy models in our scope are described as lying in a subspace
of the four dimensions spanned by αi. For example, quintessence models oﬀer no freedom
whatsoever once (1) and (2) have been ﬁxed; each of perfect ﬂuid (k-essence), f(R) and f(G)
models are completely speciﬁed by (1) and (2) and then a one-dimensional subspace relating
the functions αi to each other. We have speciﬁed the restrictions on the full freedom that
various popular subclasses of dark energy models imply in table 1.
Even though there exists a Horndeski model which would describe any background for
any choice of the functions αi, not all such conﬁgurations are stable. For any particular
choice of background expansion history and Ωm0, only certain ranges of αi are permitted,
as implied by the inequalities given in section 3.3. The background is unstable to scalar
modes whenever there are ghosts, αK < −3
2α2
B, or the sound speed squared c2
s is smaller
than zero. In particular, this means that any perfect-ﬂuid model (αM = αB = αT = 0) is
unstable whenever the DE has wX < −1. In addition, one must pay attention to the tensor
modes: whenever the Planck mass M2
∗is evolving, it cannot be allowed to become negative
in the past. The stability conditions speciﬁed here when tested for over the whole relevant
evolution history should be considered a prerequisite for the acceptance of a particular linear
solution, even if linear codes would seemingly allow an instability within the region of interest.
The evolution of perturbations is completely described by the set of modiﬁed Einstein
equations (3.17-3.21) (or, alternatively, their synchronous-gauge versions in appendix C). All
the eﬀects of dynamical dark energy are included as modiﬁcations to the left-hand side of
the equations, with the contributions from the matter EMT on the right-hand side standard
in all but one way: if the Planck mass is evolving (αM ̸= 0), the energy density of none of
the matter species is conserved, but must be tracked according to eq. (3.9).
In order to access the physics of these models, we have presented the full evolution
equations for the gravitational potentials with the unobservable scalar degree of freedom
eliminated in section 4. We have demonstrated the following:
– 22 –

---PAGE BREAK---
• The eﬀect of dark energy on the eﬀective Newton’s constant Z is simpler than on Y
and parameterisations should in general focus on Z and ¯η.
• There is a braiding scale kB driven by the competition between the kineticity αK and
kinetic braiding αB, eq. (4.4). This scale may be subhorizon and separates two beha-
viours in Z:
– No braiding, αB = 0: perfect-ﬂuid-like behaviour for Z: Z = 1 inside Jeans length,
and usual gravitational instability outside it.
– Negligible kineticity, αK small: Dark energy clusters, Z ̸= 1. Transition between
two regimes at scales related to Compton mass of the scalar.
• Anisotropic stress, ¯η ̸= 1, can only be present at linear order whenever the tensor modes
are non-minimally coupled, i.e. either αM ̸= 0 or αT ̸= 0. Its presence is completely
independent of values of αK and αB, but its value depends on all property functions.
If no deviation from the ΛCDM expansion history is detected and the growth of perturbations
is consistent with αi = 0 up to some level of precision, then one should think of this result
as a statement that dynamical dark energy is responsible for at most a small part of the
acceleration mechanism. This sort of argument was put forward in the case of models with
chameleon screening in ref. [114]. The remainder of the acceleration can then be considered to
be driven by a pure non-dynamical cosmological constant. For the ΛCDM expansion history,
there essentially always exists a family of models which interpolate between the cosmological
constant as the only source of acceleration and models with αi ≈O

1 −˜Ωm

which are fully
dynamical.
The formulation we have proposed is limited in scope to universally coupled dark-energy
models. However, it can be extended to also cover non-universal couplings with the addition
of new parameters (some relative density of the non-universally coupled specie and the rate
of evolution of the coupling). In principle, only the right-hand side of the Einstein equations
and the (non)-conservation equation for the diﬀerently coupled species need be modiﬁed.
Adding additional scalar degrees of freedom to the dark energy is a much more complicated
proposition. No full description of such a multi-scalar model exists (the multi-ﬁeld Horndeski
action conjectured in [115] does not seem to contain all possible terms [116]), although one
can make progress through EFT methods [39]. The number of free αi-like parameters is
likely to increase tremendously in addition to these models’ having new unobservable vX-like
degrees of freedom. Therefore the predictivity and the measurability of such models is likely
to be much poorer.
The most important conclusion of this paper is that for the gravity-like models within
our scope, there are no properties beyond those speciﬁed above which would aﬀect any ob-
servations. Measuring the background H(t), ˜Ωm0 and the four functions αi is the maximum
that can be done using linear structure formation. If there is no evidence that the αi are
diﬀerent from zero up to some precision then dynamical dark energy does not contribute by
more than this precision to the acceleration mechanism. The question of whether a more
fundamental mechanism than Λ is present becomes moot, since it would be irrelevant to the
dynamics. In a sense, measuring the αi with the best precision is the goal of large-scale-
structure measurements within the context of dark-energy cosmology.
– 23 –

---PAGE BREAK---
Acknowledgements
The work of EB is supported by “Fondazione Ing. Aldo Gini” and “Fondazione Angelo Della
Riccia”. The authors are grateful to Luca Amendola, Guillermo Ballesteros, Bruce Bassett,
Chris Clarkson, Ruth Durrer, Bin Hu, Julien Lesgourgues, Martin Kunz, Marco Raveri, Ip-
pocratis Saltas, Navin Sivanandham, Alexander Vikman, Miguel Zumalac´arregui for valuable
comments and criticisms. The computations presented in this paper have been partially done
with the xAct package for Mathematica [117–119].
A
Deﬁnitions of Evolution Variables
The energy density and pressure of a dark energy described by a Horndeski Lagrangian (2.1)
are
M2
∗˜E ≡−K + 2X (KX −G3φ) + 6 ˙φH (XG3X −G4φ −2XG4φX)
(A.1)
+12H2X (G4X + 2XG4XX −G5φ −XG5φX) + 4 ˙φH3X (G5X + XG5XX) ,
M2
∗˜P = K −2X (G3φ −2G4φφ) + 4 ˙φH (G4φ −2XG4φX + XG5φφ)
(A.2)
−M2
∗αBH
¨φ
˙φ −4H2X2G5φX + 2 ˙φH3XG5X .
where we have already absorbed the contribution to the Planck mass M∗. The equation of
motion for the background values of the scalar ﬁeld (3.11) is an equation for the evolution of
the shift charge,
˙n + 3Hn = Pφ
(A.3)
with the charge density
n ≡˙φ (KX −2G3φ) + 6HX (G3X −2G4φX) +
(A.4)
+6H2 ˙φ (G4X + 2XG4XX −G5φ −XG5φX) +
+2H3X (3G5X + 2XG5XX) ,
and the non-conservation driven by a violation of the shift symmetry through the term
Pφ ≡Kφ −2XG3φφ + 2¨φ

XG3φX + 3H ˙φG4φX

+ 6 ˙HG4φ+
(A.5)
+ 6H2 (2G4φ + 2XG4φX −XG5φφ) + 2H3 ˙φXG5φX .
The evolution of perturbations on a particular background is determined by four independ-
ent and dimensionless functions of time, αi, which can be determined for any particular
Lagrangian by
– 24 –

---PAGE BREAK---
M2
∗≡2

G4 −2XG4X + XG5φ −˙φHXG5X

(A.6)
HM 2
∗αM ≡d
dtM2
∗
(A.7)
H2M2
∗αK ≡2X (KX + 2XKXX −2G3φ −2XG3φX) +
(A.8)
+ 12 ˙φXH (G3X + XG3XX −3G4φX −2XG4φXX) +
+ 12XH2 
G4X + 8XG4XX + 4X2G4XXX

−
−12XH2 
G5φ + 5XG5φX + 2X2G5φXX

+
+ 4 ˙φXH3 
3G5X + 7XG5XX + 2X2G5XXX

HM 2
∗αB ≡2 ˙φ (XG3X −G4φ −2XG4φX) +
(A.9)
+ 8XH (G4X + 2XG4XX −G5φ −XG5φX) +
+ 2 ˙φXH2 (3G5X + 2XG5XX)
M2
∗αT ≡2X

2G4X −2G5φ −
¨φ −˙φH

G5X

(A.10)
B
Scale Dependence in Dynamics
Since the value of the scalar perturbation vX is not an observable, it is helpful to eliminate
it by solving all the constraints in the Einstein equations to produce an evolution equation
for the Newtonian potential Φ, eq. (4.1),
¨Φ + β1β2 + β3α2
B
k2
a2
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
˙Φ + β1β4 + β1β5 k2
a2 + cS2α2
B
k4
a4
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
Φ =
(B.1)
= −1
2 ˜ρm
"
β1β6 + β7α2
B
k2
a2
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
δm + (1 + wm)β1β8 + β9α2
B
k2
a2
β1 + α2
B
k2
a2
vm
#
,
and an anisotropy constraint that relates the two potentials Φ and Ψ, eq. 4.2,
α2
B
k2
a2

Ψ −Φ

1 + αT + 2 (αM −αT)
αB

+ β1
"
Ψ −Φ (1 + αT)
 
1 −2DH2 (αM −αT)
β1
!#
= (αM −αT)
h
αB˜ρmδm −2HD ˙Φ −H (3αB + αK) (˜ρm + ˜pm) vm
i
.
(B.2)
Both equations are repeated here for convenience without neglecting the matter velocity vm.
The parameters βi are deﬁned to be functions of the background evolution and the αi:
– 25 –

---PAGE BREAK---
β1 ≡3α2
B
2
(˜ρm + ˜pm) −D [2H + ˜ρm + ˜pm]
(B.3)
β2 ≡2H (2 + αM) + 3HΥ
(B.4)
β3 ≡H (3 + αM) + αK
D
 ˙αK
αK
−2 ˙αB
αB

(B.5)
β4 ≡(1 + αT)
h
2 ˙H + H2 (3 + 3Υ + αM)
i
+ ˙αTH
(B.6)
β5 ≡c2
s + αB (β3 −β2)
HD
+ Hα2
B
β1
(1 + αT) (β3 −β2) + α2
Bβ4
β1
(B.7)
β6 ≡β7 + αB (β3 −β2)
HD
(B.8)
β7 ≡c2
s −wm + α2
B (1 + αT + 3wm) + 2 (αM −αT) αB
2D
(B.9)
β8 ≡β9 + (β2 −β3) (αK + 3αB)
D
(B.10)
β9 ≡β3 −H

4 + 3c2
s + αM + αT

(B.11)
where we have deﬁned
H ≡˙H −H2 (αM −αT) ,
(B.12)
D ≡αK + 3
2α2
B ,
3β1HΥ ≡2D
h ˙H + (3 + αM) HH
i
−H (˜ρm + ˜pm) (3αB + αK) (αM −αT)
+ αK
  ˙˜pm + αMH ˜pm
 + αKα2
B
2D
(˜ρm + ˜pm)
 ˙αK
αK
−2 ˙αB
αB

,
and where the sound speed of the scalar mode is
c2
s = −
(2 −αB)
h
H −1
2H2αB (1 + αT)
i
−H ˙αB + ˜ρm + ˜pm
H2D
.
(B.13)
C
Perturbation Equations in Synchronous Gauge
In this section, we provide the equations of motion for linear perturbations in synchronous
gauge and using conformal time. This is to allow for direct implementation of our formulation
in codes as CAMB [13] or CLASS [14, 15]. For the metric potentials in synchronous gauge,
we continue to use the notation of ref. [68].8 Note that with respect to the main text, we
have made the redeﬁntions
vX →aVX ,
H ≡aH = a′
a ,
8Note that CAMB redeﬁnes time derivatives of η and h using the scheme: h′ →2kZ and η′ →k/3 (σ∗−Z).
– 26 –

---PAGE BREAK---
for notational simplicity. The equations in this section are equivalent to those derived in
ref. [41] in the eﬀective ﬁeld theory formalism. As we discuss in section 3.5, the advantage
of our formulation is the fact that it is non-redundant, splits background and perturbation
contributions and is more directly related to physical eﬀects, as shown in section 4.
The Einstein time-time equation is
2k2η = −ρmδma2
M∗2
+ H
2 (2 −αB) h′ + H2 (αK + 3αB) VX′
(C.1)
+

αBk2 −3

H2 −H′
(2 −αB) + H2 (αK + 3αB) + 3a2 ρm + pm
M∗2

HVX .
The Einstein time-space equation is
2η′ =
a2
M∗2 (ρm + pm) vm + αBHVX′
(C.2)
−

2

H2 −H′
−H2αB −a2 ρm + pm
M∗2

VX .
The Einstein space-space traceless equation is
3η′′+h′′
2 + H (2 + αM)

3η′ + h′
2

−k2 (1 + αT) η =
(C.3)
= Hk2 (αM −αT) VX −a2PΠm
M∗2
.
The Einstein space-space trace equation is
h′′ = −3a2
M∗2 δpm −H (2 + αM) h′ + 2k2 (1 + αT) η −3HαBVX′′ + 2Hk2 (αM −αT) VX (C.4)
−3
h
2

H′ −H2
+ HαB′ + αBH′ + H2αB (3 + αM)
i
VX′
−3
h
2H′′ + H2αB′ −H3 (2 + αM) (2 −αB) + 2HH′ (αM + αB)
i
VX
−3a2 ρm + pm
M∗2
VX′ + HVX
 −3a2p′
m
M∗2 VX .
The scalar-ﬁeld equation of motion is
H2

αK + 3
2α2
B

VX′′ + AVX′ +

3B + Ck2
VX −C
2 h′
+ 3αB
2M∗2 a2δpm + [2 (αM −αT) + αB (1 + αT)] ρmHδma2
2M∗2
= 0 ,
(C.5)
where
– 27 –

---PAGE BREAK---
A ≡1
2H3 (2 −αB) [αK (1 + αT) −3αB (1 −αT + αM)] + H

αK + 3
2α2
B
 
H2 + H′
+H
 αKH′ + HαK′ + 3HαB

H′ + 1
2HαB′

+ 3 (ρm + pm) HαBa2
2M∗2
,
B ≡a2 ρm + pm
M∗2

H′ + 1
2H2αT (2 −αB) −H2 (1 + αM)

+ HαBa2p′
m
2M∗2
+H2 (2 −αB)
1
6αKH2 (1 + αT) −H2 (1 −αB) αT −H′αM

+1
2H2 (2 −αB)2 
H2αM + H′αT

+ (2 −αB)

H2 −H′2
+H3
1
3αK′ + αB′

+
1
2H2αB −H′

HαB′ +

αK + 3
2α2
B

H2H′ ,
C ≡HαB′ + (2 −αB)

H2αM −H′ + 1
2H2 (2 −2αT + αB + αBαT)

−a2 ρm + pm
M∗2
.
Note that compared to the Newtonian-gauge equation (3.21), we have diagonalised the
kinetic term for the scalar by eliminating the highest derivatives of the metric h′′ and η′′ as
well as k2η using eqs (C.1) and (C.4). This should simplify the implementation in the
Boltzmann codes.
References
[1] B. Ratra and P. Peebles, “Cosmological Consequences of a Rolling Homogeneous Scalar
Field,” Phys.Rev. D37 (1988) 3406.
[2] C. Wetterich, “Cosmology and the Fate of Dilatation Symmetry,” Nucl.Phys. B302 (1988)
668.
[3] S. M. Carroll, V. Duvvuri, M. Trodden, and M. S. Turner, “Is cosmic speed - up due to new
gravitational physics?,” Phys.Rev. D70 (2004) 043528, arXiv:astro-ph/0306438
[astro-ph].
[4] T. Clifton, P. G. Ferreira, A. Padilla, and C. Skordis, “Modiﬁed Gravity and Cosmology,”
Phys.Rept. 513 (2012) 1–189, arXiv:1106.2476 [astro-ph.CO].
[5] M. Kunz, “The phenomenological approach to modeling the dark energy,” Comptes Rendus
Physique 13 (2012) 539–565, arXiv:1204.5482 [astro-ph.CO].
[6] M. Ishak, A. Upadhye, and D. N. Spergel, “Probing cosmic acceleration beyond the equation
of state: Distinguishing between dark energy and modiﬁed gravity models,” Phys.Rev. D74
(2006) 043513, arXiv:astro-ph/0507184 [astro-ph].
[7] D. Huterer and G. Starkman, “Parameterization of dark-energy properties: A
Principal-component approach,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 90 (2003) 031301, arXiv:astro-ph/0207517
[astro-ph].
[8] C. Clarkson, B. Bassett, and T. H.-C. Lu, “A general test of the Copernican Principle,”
Phys.Rev.Lett. 101 (2008) 011301, arXiv:0712.3457 [astro-ph].
[9] C. Zunckel and C. Clarkson, “Consistency Tests for the Cosmological Constant,”
Phys.Rev.Lett. 101 (2008) 181301, arXiv:0807.4304 [astro-ph].
[10] L. Amendola, M. Kunz, M. Motta, I. D. Saltas, and I. Sawicki, “Observables and
unobservables in dark energy cosmologies,” Phys.Rev. D87 (2013) 023501, arXiv:1210.0439
[astro-ph.CO].
– 28 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[11] M. Motta, I. Sawicki, I. D. Saltas, L. Amendola, and M. Kunz, “Probing Dark Energy through
Scale Dependence,” Phys.Rev. D88 (2013) 124035, arXiv:1305.0008 [astro-ph.CO].
[12] L. Amendola, S. Fogli, A. Guarnizo, M. Kunz, and A. Vollmer, “Model-independent
constraints on the cosmological anisotropic stress,” arXiv:1311.4765 [astro-ph.CO].
[13] A. Lewis, A. Challinor, and A. Lasenby, “Eﬃcient computation of CMB anisotropies in closed
FRW models,” Astrophys.J. 538 (2000) 473–476, arXiv:astro-ph/9911177 [astro-ph].
[14] J. Lesgourgues, “The Cosmic Linear Anisotropy Solving System (CLASS) I: Overview,”
arXiv:1104.2932 [astro-ph.IM].
[15] D. Blas, J. Lesgourgues, and T. Tram, “The Cosmic Linear Anisotropy Solving System
(CLASS) II: Approximation schemes,” JCAP 1107 (2011) 034, arXiv:1104.2933
[astro-ph.CO].
[16] M. Chevallier and D. Polarski, “Accelerating universes with scaling dark matter,”
Int.J.Mod.Phys. D10 (2001) 213–224, arXiv:gr-qc/0009008 [gr-qc].
[17] E. V. Linder, “Exploring the expansion history of the universe,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 90 (2003)
091301, arXiv:astro-ph/0208512 [astro-ph].
[18] R. R. Caldwell and M. Doran, “Dark-energy evolution across the cosmological-constant
boundary,” Phys.Rev. D72 (2005) 043527, arXiv:astro-ph/0501104 [astro-ph].
[19] E. V. Linder, “Cosmic growth history and expansion history,” Phys.Rev. D72 (2005) 043529,
arXiv:astro-ph/0507263 [astro-ph].
[20] L. Amendola, M. Kunz, and D. Sapone, “Measuring the dark side (with weak lensing),”
JCAP 0804 (2008) 013, arXiv:0704.2421 [astro-ph].
[21] E. Bertschinger, “On the Growth of Perturbations as a Test of Dark Energy,” Astrophys.J.
648 (2006) 797–806, arXiv:astro-ph/0604485 [astro-ph].
[22] W. Hu and I. Sawicki, “A Parameterized Post-Friedmann Framework for Modiﬁed Gravity,”
Phys.Rev. D76 (2007) 104043, arXiv:0708.1190 [astro-ph].
[23] L. Lombriser, J. Yoo, and K. Koyama, “Relativistic eﬀects in galaxy clustering in a
parametrized post-Friedmann universe,” Phys.Rev. D87 (2013) 104019, arXiv:1301.3132
[astro-ph.CO].
[24] T. Baker, P. G. Ferreira, C. Skordis, and J. Zuntz, “Towards a fully consistent
parameterization of modiﬁed gravity,” Phys.Rev. D84 (2011) 124018, arXiv:1107.0491
[astro-ph.CO].
[25] T. Baker, P. G. Ferreira, and C. Skordis, “The Parameterized Post-Friedmann Framework for
Theories of Modiﬁed Gravity: Concepts, Formalism and Examples,” Phys.Rev. D87 (2013)
024015, arXiv:1209.2117 [astro-ph.CO].
[26] I. Sawicki, I. D. Saltas, L. Amendola, and M. Kunz, “Consistent perturbations in an imperfect
ﬂuid,” JCAP 1301 (2013) 004, arXiv:1208.4855 [astro-ph.CO].
[27] R. A. Battye and J. A. Pearson, “Eﬀective action approach to cosmological perturbations in
dark energy and modiﬁed gravity,” JCAP 1207 (2012) 019, arXiv:1203.0398 [hep-th].
[28] R. A. Battye and J. A. Pearson, “Parameterizing dark sector perturbations via equations of
state,” Phys.Rev. D88 (2013) 061301, arXiv:1306.1175 [astro-ph.CO].
[29] R. A. Battye and J. A. Pearson, “Computing model independent perturbations in dark energy
and modiﬁed gravity,” arXiv:1311.6737 [astro-ph.CO].
[30] E. Bertschinger and P. Zukin, “Distinguishing Modiﬁed Gravity from Dark Energy,”
Phys.Rev. D78 (2008) 024015, arXiv:0801.2431 [astro-ph].
– 29 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[31] A. Silvestri, L. Pogosian, and R. V. Buniy, “A practical approach to cosmological
perturbations in modiﬁed gravity,” Phys.Rev. D87 (2013) 104015, arXiv:1302.1193
[astro-ph.CO].
[32] A. Hojjati, L. Pogosian, A. Silvestri, and G.-B. Zhao, “Observable physical modes of modiﬁed
gravity,” arXiv:1312.5309 [astro-ph.CO].
[33] P. Creminelli, M. A. Luty, A. Nicolis, and L. Senatore, “Starting the Universe: Stable
Violation of the Null Energy Condition and Non-standard Cosmologies,” JHEP 0612 (2006)
080, arXiv:hep-th/0606090 [hep-th].
[34] G. Gubitosi, F. Piazza, and F. Vernizzi, “The Eﬀective Field Theory of Dark Energy,” JCAP
1302 (2013) 032, arXiv:1210.0201 [hep-th].
[35] J. K. Bloomﬁeld, E. E. Flanagan, M. Park, and S. Watson, “Dark energy or modiﬁed gravity?
An eﬀective ﬁeld theory approach,” JCAP 1308 (2013) 010, arXiv:1211.7054
[astro-ph.CO].
[36] J. Gleyzes, D. Langlois, F. Piazza, and F. Vernizzi, “Essential Building Blocks of Dark
Energy,” JCAP 1308 (2013) 025, arXiv:1304.4840 [hep-th].
[37] J. Bloomﬁeld, “A Simpliﬁed Approach to General Scalar-Tensor Theories,” arXiv:1304.6712
[astro-ph.CO].
[38] F. Piazza, H. Steigerwald, and C. Marinoni, “Phenomenology of dark energy: exploring the
space of theories with future redshift surveys,” arXiv:1312.6111 [astro-ph.CO].
[39] L. A. Gergely and S. Tsujikawa, “Eﬀective ﬁeld theory of modiﬁed gravity with two scalar
ﬁelds: dark energy and dark matter,” arXiv:1402.0553 [hep-th].
[40] S. Tsujikawa, “The eﬀective ﬁeld theory of inﬂation/dark energy and the Horndeski theory,”
arXiv:1404.2684 [gr-qc].
[41] B. Hu, M. Raveri, N. Frusciante, and A. Silvestri, “Eﬀective Field Theory of Cosmic
Acceleration: an implementation in CAMB,” arXiv:1312.5742 [astro-ph.CO].
[42] G. W. Horndeski, “Second-order scalar-tensor ﬁeld equations in a four-dimensional space,”
Int.J.Theor.Phys. 10 (1974) 363–384.
[43] C. Deﬀayet, X. Gao, D. Steer, and G. Zahariade, “From k-essence to generalised Galileons,”
Phys.Rev. D84 (2011) 064039, arXiv:1103.3260 [hep-th].
[44] C. Brans and R. Dicke, “Mach’s principle and a relativistic theory of gravitation,” Phys.Rev.
124 (1961) 925–935.
[45] C. Armendariz-Picon, T. Damour, and V. F. Mukhanov, “k-Inﬂation,” Phys. Lett. B458
(1999) 209–218, arXiv:hep-th/9904075.
[46] C. Armendariz-Picon, V. F. Mukhanov, and P. J. Steinhardt, “Essentials of k-essence,” Phys.
Rev. D63 (2001) 103510, arXiv:astro-ph/0006373.
[47] C. Deﬀayet, O. Pujolas, I. Sawicki, and A. Vikman, “Imperfect Dark Energy from Kinetic
Gravity Braiding,” JCAP 1010 (2010) 026, arXiv:1008.0048 [hep-th].
[48] T. Kobayashi, M. Yamaguchi, and J. Yokoyama, “G-inﬂation: Inﬂation driven by the Galileon
ﬁeld,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 105 (2010) 231302, arXiv:1008.0603 [hep-th].
[49] O. Pujolas, I. Sawicki, and A. Vikman, “The Imperfect Fluid behind Kinetic Gravity
Braiding,” JHEP 1111 (2011) 156, arXiv:1103.5360 [hep-th].
[50] A. Nicolis, R. Rattazzi, and E. Trincherini, “The galileon as a local modiﬁcation of gravity,”
Phys. Rev. D79 (2009) 064036, arXiv:0811.2197 [hep-th].
[51] A. Nicolis, R. Rattazzi, and E. Trincherini, “Energy’s and amplitudes’ positivity,” JHEP 05
(2010) 095, arXiv:0912.4258 [hep-th].
– 30 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[52] S. M. Carroll, A. De Felice, V. Duvvuri, D. A. Easson, M. Trodden, et al., “The Cosmology of
generalized modiﬁed gravity models,” Phys.Rev. D71 (2005) 063513,
arXiv:astro-ph/0410031 [astro-ph].
[53] G. Dvali, G. Gabadadze, and M. Porrati, “4-D gravity on a brane in 5-D Minkowski space,”
Phys.Lett. B485 (2000) 208–214, arXiv:hep-th/0005016 [hep-th].
[54] C. de Rham and G. Gabadadze, “Generalization of the Fierz-Pauli Action,” Phys. Rev. D82
(2010) 044020, arXiv:1007.0443 [hep-th].
[55] C. de Rham, G. Gabadadze, and A. J. Tolley, “Resummation of Massive Gravity,”
Phys.Rev.Lett. 106 (2011) 231101, arXiv:1011.1232 [hep-th].
[56] S. Hassan, R. A. Rosen, and A. Schmidt-May, “Ghost-free Massive Gravity with a General
Reference Metric,” JHEP 1202 (2012) 026, arXiv:1109.3230 [hep-th].
[57] N. Chow and J. Khoury, “Galileon Cosmology,” Phys. Rev. D80 (2009) 024037,
arXiv:0905.1325 [hep-th].
[58] C. de Rham and L. Heisenberg, “Cosmology of the Galileon from Massive Gravity,” Phys.Rev.
D84 (2011) 043503, arXiv:1106.3312 [hep-th].
[59] L. Heisenberg, R. Kimura, and K. Yamamoto, “Cosmology of the proxy theory to massive
gravity,” arXiv:1403.2049 [hep-th].
[60] J. Gleyzes, D. Langlois, F. Piazza, and F. Vernizzi, “Healthy theories beyond Horndeski,”
arXiv:1404.6495 [hep-th].
[61] M. Zumalac´arregui and J. Garc´ıa-Bellido, “Transforming gravity: from derivative couplings to
matter to second-order scalar-tensor theories beyond the Horndeski Lagrangian,”
arXiv:1308.4685 [gr-qc].
[62] L. Amendola, “Coupled quintessence,” Phys.Rev. D62 (2000) 043511,
arXiv:astro-ph/9908023 [astro-ph].
[63] T. S. Koivisto, D. F. Mota, and M. Zumalacarregui, “Screening Modiﬁcations of Gravity
through Disformally Coupled Fields,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 109 (2012) 241102, arXiv:1205.3167
[astro-ph.CO].
[64] M. Zumalac´arregui, T. S. Koivisto, and D. F. Mota, “DBI Galileons in the Einstein Frame:
Local Gravity and Cosmology,” Phys.Rev. D87 (2013) 083010, arXiv:1210.8016
[astro-ph.CO].
[65] P. Hoˇrava, “Quantum Gravity at a Lifshitz Point,” Phys.Rev. D79 (2009) 084008,
arXiv:0901.3775 [hep-th].
[66] D. Blas, O. Pujol`as, and S. Sibiryakov, “Consistent Extension of Horava Gravity,”
Phys.Rev.Lett. 104 (2010) 181302, arXiv:0909.3525 [hep-th].
[67] J.-S. Gagnon and J. Lesgourgues, “Dark goo: Bulk viscosity as an alternative to dark energy,”
JCAP 1109 (2011) 026, arXiv:1107.1503 [astro-ph.CO].
[68] C.-P. Ma and E. Bertschinger, “Cosmological perturbation theory in the synchronous and
conformal Newtonian gauges,” Astrophys.J. 455 (1995) 7–25, arXiv:astro-ph/9506072
[astro-ph].
[69] A. Barreira, B. Li, C. Baugh, and S. Pascoli, “Linear perturbations in Galileon gravity
models,” arXiv:1208.0600 [astro-ph.CO].
[70] M. A. Amin, P. Zukin, and E. Bertschinger, “Scale-Dependent Growth from a Transition in
Dark Energy Dynamics,” Phys.Rev. D85 (2012) 103510, arXiv:1108.1793 [astro-ph.CO].
[71] N. Afshordi, D. J. Chung, and G. Geshnizjani, “Cuscuton: A Causal Field Theory with an
Inﬁnite Speed of Sound,” Phys.Rev. D75 (2007) 083513, arXiv:hep-th/0609150 [hep-th].
– 31 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[72] Y.-S. Song, W. Hu, and I. Sawicki, “The Large Scale Structure of f(R) Gravity,” Phys.Rev.
D75 (2007) 044004, arXiv:astro-ph/0610532 [astro-ph].
[73] S. M. Carroll, I. Sawicki, A. Silvestri, and M. Trodden, “Modiﬁed-Source Gravity and
Cosmological Structure Formation,” New J.Phys. 8 (2006) 323, arXiv:astro-ph/0607458
[astro-ph].
[74] D. N. Vollick, “1/R Curvature corrections as the source of the cosmological acceleration,”
Phys.Rev. D68 (2003) 063510, arXiv:astro-ph/0306630 [astro-ph].
[75] A. De Felice, D. F. Mota, and S. Tsujikawa, “Matter instabilities in general Gauss-Bonnet
gravity,” Phys.Rev. D81 (2010) 023532, arXiv:0911.1811 [gr-qc].
[76] T. Kobayashi, M. Yamaguchi, and J. Yokoyama, “Generalized G-inﬂation: Inﬂation with the
most general second-order ﬁeld equations,” Prog.Theor.Phys. 126 (2011) 511–529,
arXiv:1105.5723 [hep-th].
[77] A. De Felice and S. Tsujikawa, “Cosmology of a covariant Galileon ﬁeld,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 105
(2010) 111301, arXiv:1007.2700 [astro-ph.CO].
[78] P. Brax and P. Valageas, “K-mouﬂage Cosmology: the Background Evolution,”
arXiv:1403.5420 [astro-ph.CO].
[79] A. De Felice and S. Tsujikawa, “Conditions for the cosmological viability of the most general
scalar-tensor theories and their applications to extended Galileon dark energy models,” JCAP
1202 (2012) 007, arXiv:1110.3878 [gr-qc].
[80] D. A. Easson, I. Sawicki, and A. Vikman, “G-Bounce,” JCAP 1111 (2011) 021,
arXiv:1109.1047 [hep-th].
[81] I. Sawicki and A. Vikman, “Hidden Negative Energies in Strongly Accelerated Universes,”
Phys.Rev. D87 no. 6, (2013) 067301, arXiv:1209.2961 [astro-ph.CO].
[82] A. Adams, N. Arkani-Hamed, S. Dubovsky, A. Nicolis, and R. Rattazzi, “Causality,
analyticity and an IR obstruction to UV completion,” JHEP 10 (2006) 014,
arXiv:hep-th/0602178.
[83] D. A. Easson, I. Sawicki, and A. Vikman, “When Matter Matters,” JCAP 1307 (2013) 014,
arXiv:1304.3903 [hep-th].
[84] E. Babichev, V. Mukhanov, and A. Vikman, “k-Essence, superluminal propagation, causality
and emergent geometry,” JHEP 02 (2008) 101, arXiv:0708.0561 [hep-th].
[85] C. Burrage, C. de Rham, L. Heisenberg, and A. J. Tolley, “Chronology Protection in Galileon
Models and Massive Gravity,” JCAP 1207 (2012) 004, arXiv:1111.5549 [hep-th].
[86] G. Dvali, G. F. Giudice, C. Gomez, and A. Kehagias, “UV-Completion by Classicalization,”
JHEP 1108 (2011) 108, arXiv:1010.1415 [hep-ph].
[87] G. Dvali and D. Pirtskhalava, “Dynamics of Unitarization by Classicalization,” Phys.Lett.
B699 (2011) 78–86, arXiv:1011.0114 [hep-ph].
[88] D. Blas, O. Pujolas, and S. Sibiryakov, “Models of non-relativistic quantum gravity: the good,
the bad and the healthy,” arXiv:1007.3503 [hep-th].
[89] A. De Felice, T. Kobayashi, and S. Tsujikawa, “Eﬀective gravitational couplings for
cosmological perturbations in the most general scalar-tensor theories with second-order ﬁeld
equations,” Phys.Lett. B706 (2011) 123–133, arXiv:1108.4242 [gr-qc].
[90] BOSS Collaboration Collaboration, L. Anderson et al., “The clustering of galaxies in the
SDSS-III Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey: Baryon Acoustic Oscillations in the Data
Release 10 and 11 galaxy samples,” arXiv:1312.4877 [astro-ph.CO].
– 32 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[91] M. Betoule, R. Kessler, J. Guy, J. Mosher, D. Hardin, et al., “Improved cosmological
constraints from a joint analysis of the SDSS-II and SNLS supernova samples,”
arXiv:1401.4064 [astro-ph.CO].
[92] M. Doran and G. Robbers, “Early dark energy cosmologies,” JCAP 0606 (2006) 026,
arXiv:astro-ph/0601544 [astro-ph].
[93] C. L. Reichardt, R. de Putter, O. Zahn, and Z. Hou, “New limits on Early Dark Energy from
the South Pole Telescope,” Astrophys.J. 749 (2012) L9, arXiv:1110.5328 [astro-ph.CO].
[94] V. Pettorino, L. Amendola, and C. Wetterich, “How early is early dark energy?,” Phys.Rev.
D87 (2013) 083009, arXiv:1301.5279 [astro-ph.CO].
[95] Planck Collaboration Collaboration, P. Ade et al., “Planck 2013 results. XVI.
Cosmological parameters,” arXiv:1303.5076 [astro-ph.CO].
[96] N. Afshordi, D. J. Chung, M. Doran, and G. Geshnizjani, “Cuscuton Cosmology: Dark
Energy meets Modiﬁed Gravity,” Phys.Rev. D75 (2007) 123509, arXiv:astro-ph/0702002
[astro-ph].
[97] A. De Felice and S. Tsujikawa, “f(R) theories,” Living Rev.Rel. 13 (2010) 3,
arXiv:1002.4928 [gr-qc].
[98] J.-P. Uzan, “Varying Constants, Gravitation and Cosmology,” Living Rev.Rel. 14 (2011) 2,
arXiv:1009.5514 [astro-ph.CO].
[99] C. M. Will, “The Confrontation between General Relativity and Experiment,”
arXiv:1403.7377 [gr-qc].
[100] K. Yagi, D. Blas, E. Barausse, and N. Yunes, “Constraints on Einstein-Æther theory and
Horava gravity from binary pulsar observations,” arXiv:1311.7144 [gr-qc].
[101] P. Brax, C. Burrage, and A.-C. Davis, “Screening ﬁfth forces in k-essence and DBI models,”
JCAP 1301 (2013) 020, arXiv:1209.1293 [hep-th].
[102] E. Babichev and C. Deﬀayet, “An introduction to the Vainshtein mechanism,”
Class.Quant.Grav. 30 (2013) 184001, arXiv:1304.7240 [gr-qc].
[103] W. Hu and I. Sawicki, “Models of f(R) Cosmic Acceleration that Evade Solar-System Tests,”
Phys. Rev. D76 (2007) 064004, arXiv:0705.1158 [astro-ph].
[104] G. D. Moore and A. E. Nelson, “Lower bound on the propagation speed of gravity from
gravitational Cherenkov radiation,” JHEP 0109 (2001) 023, arXiv:hep-ph/0106220
[hep-ph].
[105] J. W. Elliott, G. D. Moore, and H. Stoica, “Constraining the new Aether: Gravitational
Cerenkov radiation,” JHEP 0508 (2005) 066, arXiv:hep-ph/0505211 [hep-ph].
[106] R. Kimura and K. Yamamoto, “Constraints on general second-order scalar-tensor models
from gravitational Cherenkov radiation,” JCAP 1207 (2012) 050, arXiv:1112.4284
[astro-ph.CO].
[107] V. Marra, L. Amendola, I. Sawicki, and W. Valkenburg, “Cosmic variance and the
measurement of the local Hubble parameter,” Phys.Rev.Lett. 110 (2013) 241305,
arXiv:1303.3121 [astro-ph.CO].
[108] I. Ben-Dayan, R. Durrer, G. Marozzi, and D. J. Schwarz, “The value of H0 in the
inhomogeneous Universe,” arXiv:1401.7973 [astro-ph.CO].
[109] R. Jimenez and A. Loeb, “Constraining cosmological parameters based on relative galaxy
ages,” Astrophys.J. 573 (2002) 37–42, arXiv:astro-ph/0106145 [astro-ph].
[110] J. Simon, L. Verde, and R. Jimenez, “Constraints on the redshift dependence of the dark
energy potential,” Phys.Rev. D71 (2005) 123001, arXiv:astro-ph/0412269 [astro-ph].
– 33 –

---PAGE BREAK---
[111] D. Stern, R. Jimenez, L. Verde, M. Kamionkowski, and S. A. Stanford, “Cosmic
Chronometers: Constraining the Equation of State of Dark Energy. I: H(z) Measurements,”
JCAP 1002 (2010) 008, arXiv:0907.3149 [astro-ph.CO].
[112] M. Moresco, R. Jimenez, A. Cimatti, and L. Pozzetti, “Constraining the expansion rate of the
Universe using low-redshift ellipticals as cosmic chronometers,” JCAP 1103 (2011) 045,
arXiv:1010.0831 [astro-ph.CO].
[113] E. Bellini and R. Jimenez, “The parameter space of Cubic Galileon models for cosmic
acceleration,” Phys.Dark Univ. 2 (2013) 179–183, arXiv:1306.1262 [astro-ph.CO].
[114] Y. Wang, “Figure of Merit for Dark Energy Constraints from Current Observational Data,”
Phys. Rev. D77 (2008) 123525, arXiv:0803.4295 [astro-ph].
[115] A. Padilla and V. Sivanesan, “Covariant multi-galileons and their generalisation,” JHEP 1304
(2013) 032, arXiv:1210.4026 [gr-qc].
[116] T. Kobayashi, N. Tanahashi, and M. Yamaguchi, “Multi-ﬁeld G-inﬂation,” Phys.Rev. D88
(2013) 083504, arXiv:1308.4798 [hep-th].
[117] J. M. Mart´ın-Garc´ıa. http://www.xact.es/.
[118] J. M. Mart´ın-Garc´ıa, “xPerm: fast index canonicalization for tensor computer algebra,”
Computer Physics Communications 179 no. 8, (2008) 597 – 603.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S001046550800221X.
[119] D. Brizuela, J. M. Mart´ın-Garc´ıa, and G. A. Mena Marugan, “xPert: Computer algebra for
metric perturbation theory,” Gen.Rel.Grav. 41 (2009) 2415–2431, arXiv:0807.0824
[gr-qc].
– 34 –

---PAGE BREAK---
