DESY 19-159
IPPP/19/27
HIP-2019-14/TH
MITP/19-066
IFT-UAM/CSIC-19-139
Detecting gravitational waves from cosmological phase
transitions with LISA: an update
Chiara Caprinia, Mikael Chalab,c,ŌĆĀ, Glauber C. Dorschd, Mark Hindmarshe,f,
Stephan J. Huberf, Thomas Konstanding,ŌĆĪ, Jonathan Kozaczukh,i,j,┬¦,
Germano Nardinik, Jose Miguel Nol,m, Kari Rummukainene, Pedro
Schwallern, Geraldine Servantg,o, Anders Tranbergk, David J. Weire,p,┬Č
For the LISA Cosmology Working Group
Abstract
We investigate the potential for observing gravitational waves from cosmological
phase transitions with LISA in light of recent theoretical and experimental develop-
ments. Our analysis is based on current state-of-the-art simulations of sound waves in
the cosmic ’¼éuid after the phase transition completes. We discuss the various sources of
gravitational radiation, the underlying parameters describing the phase transition and
a variety of viable particle physics models in this context, clarifying common miscon-
ceptions that appear in the literature and identifying open questions requiring future
study. We also present a web-based tool, PTPlot, that allows users to obtain up-to-date
detection prospects for a given set of phase transition parameters at LISA.
ŌĆĀCorresponding author: mikael.chala@ugr.es
ŌĆĪProject coordinator: thomas.konstandin@desy.de
┬¦Corresponding author: jkozaczuk@ucsd.edu
┬ČCorresponding author: david.weir@helsinki.’¼ü
arXiv:1910.13125v2  [astro-ph.CO]  12 Jan 2021

---PAGE BREAK---
a Laboratoire Astroparticule et Cosmologie, CNRS UMR 7164,
Universit┬┤e Paris-Diderot, 75013 Paris, France
b Institute of Particle Physics Phenomenology, Physics Department,
Durham University, Durham DH1 3LE, UK
c CAFPE and Departamento de F┬┤─▒sica Te┬┤orica y del Cosmos,
Universidad de Granada, E-18071 Granada, Spain
d Center for Astrophysics and Cosmology & PPGCosmo,
Universidade Federal do Esp┬┤─▒rito Santo, 29075-910, Vit┬┤oria, ES, Brazil
e Department of Physics and Helsinki Institute of Physics, PL 64,
FI-00014 University of Helsinki, Finland
f Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Sussex, Brighton BN1 9QH, UK
g DESY, Notkestr. 85, 22607 Hamburg, Germany
h Department of Physics, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, 92093, USA
i Department of Physics, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, 61801, USA
j Amherst Center for Fundamental Interactions, Department of Physics,
University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA, 01003, USA
k Faculty of Science and Technology, University of Stavanger, 4036 Stavanger, Norway
l Departamento de Fisica Teorica, Universidad Autonoma de Madrid,
Cantoblanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain
m Instituto de Fisica Teorica, IFT-UAM/CSIC,Cantoblanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain
n PRISMA+ Cluster of Excellence and Mainz Institute for Theoretical Physics,
Johannes Gutenberg-Universit┬©at Mainz, 55099 Mainz, Germany
o II. Institute of Theoretical Physics, University of Hamburg, D-22761 Hamburg, Germany
p School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Nottingham, Nottingham NG7 2RD, UK

---PAGE BREAK---
Contents
1
Introduction
2
2
Preliminaries: phase transition dynamics and parameters (HŌłŚ, ╬▓, ╬▒, vw)
4
2.1
Bubble nucleation and PT duration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5
2.2
The energy budget
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7
2.3
The wall speed
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9
3
Prediction of the Gravitational Wave Signal
11
3.1
Gravitational waves from bulk ’¼éuid motion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11
3.2
Relevant time scales and scaling of GW energy density
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
14
3.3
GW power spectra: numerical simulations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
16
3.4
GW power spectra: discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
17
4
The PTPlot tool
18
4.1
Signal to noise ratio plots
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
19
5
Determining ╬▒, ╬▓, and HŌłŚin speci’¼üc models
21
6
Overview of speci’¼üc models
22
6.1
Singlet extension of the SM
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
22
6.1.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
26
6.2
Extensions of the SM with Scalar Electroweak Multiplets . . . . . . . . . . . .
27
6.2.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
30
6.3
SUSY-extended SM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31
6.3.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
33
6.4
EFT approach to extensions of the SM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
35
6.5
Models with warped extra dimensions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
37
6.6
Composite Higgs models and con’¼üning phase transitions
. . . . . . . . . . . .
40
6.6.1
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT from an extra singlet in non-minimal cosets
41
6.6.2
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT from Higgs-dilaton interlinked dynamics . .
43
6.7
First order PTs in a dark sector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45
6.7.1
Subtleties with dark sector PTs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45
6.7.2
DM and collider connection
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
47
7
Conclusions and outlook
49
A Phase transition parameters from the lattice
51
1

---PAGE BREAK---
1
Introduction
The direct observation of gravitational waves (GWs) by the LIGO collaboration [1] has ush-
ered in a new era of GW astronomy. In addition to observing gravitational radiation from
astrophysical sources, GW interferometers provide direct access to the physics of the early
Universe. Little is known about the cosmic epoch after reheating and prior to Big Bang
nucleosynthesis (BBN) as there are few observables directly or indirectly sensitive to this era.
However, while opaque to light before photon decoupling, the early Universe was transparent
to GWs. This allows for the exciting possibility of probing the pre-BBN Universe for the ’¼ürst
time using GW experiments.
First-order cosmological phase transitions (PTs) provide a particularly compelling source
of GWs in the early Universe. At a ’¼ürst-order cosmological PT, bubbles of a new phase
begin to nucleate and expand as the Universe cools. The region inside the bubbles contains
the new phase, typically characterized by a vacuum expectation value (VEV) of a scalar
’¼üeld that di’¼Ćers from its value outside the bubbles. The collision of the bubbles and the
resulting motion of the ambient cosmic ’¼éuid sources a stochastic GW background that can
be observable at GW interferometers. In the Standard Model (SM) of particle physics, a
PT could in principle have occurred when either the electroweak (EW) gauge symmetry or
the approximate chiral symmetry of QCD were spontaneously broken in the early Universe.
Given the mass of the Higgs boson, it is known that the EW symmetry is broken at a cross-
over in the SM [2,3]. Likewise, absent large quark chemical potentials in the early Universe,
the QCD PT of the SM is known not to be ’¼ürst-order [4]. However, many compelling and
well-motivated extensions of the SM predict strong ’¼ürst-order cosmic PTs at the EW scale
and beyond.
First order PTs associated with the EW to multiŌĆōTeV scales typically predict a stochastic
background peaking at frequencies accessible by the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna
(LISA) [5]. These scales are particularly interesting as they are often thought to harbor new
physics related to e.g. the hierarchy problem, dark matter (DM), or baryogenesis. Searching
for a stochastic GW background from physics beyond the Standard Model (BSM) will be an
important science goal of the LISA mission. In doing so, LISA will provide a powerful probe
of new physics that complements collider and other experimental tests of these scenarios.
LISA has been selected by the European Space Agency as one of its ’¼éagship missions, and
is currently in the planning stages, with an expected launch in the early 2030s. It is thus
important and timely to study the science case for LISA as thoroughly and accurately as
possible, including its prospects for detecting a stochastic GW background from cosmic PTs.
Several important steps are required to accurately predict the GW signal arising from
a cosmological PT in a given particle physics model at LISA (and other GW experiments).
Schematically, a typical analysis proceeds as illustrated in Fig. 1. First, one speci’¼ües the
’¼üeld content and Lagrangian of a given particle physics model. From this information, the
phase structure of the theory can be analyzed at ’¼ünite temperature. If the model admits
a ’¼ürst-order PT, the ’¼ünite temperature e’¼Ćective action can be used to compute the Hubble
2

---PAGE BREAK---
PT parameters
E’¼Ćective action ŌåÆ╬▓, HŌłŚ
Energy budget ŌåÆ╬▒, ╬║(╬▒, vw)
Bubble wall dynamics ŌåÆvw
GW power spectrum
Numerical simulations ŌåÆ
h2Ōä”GW(f; HŌłŚ, ╬▒, ╬▓, vw)
LISA sensitivity
Con’¼üguration + noise level ŌåÆ
h2Ōä”sens(f)
Particle
physics model
Signal-to-noise ratio
Figure 1: Blueprint for analyzing cosmological PTs in the context of LISA. See text for details.
parameter HŌłŚ(or temperature TŌłŚ) at the time when the PT completes and the PT duration ╬▓
(de’¼üned in more detail below). Next, one can analyze the energy budget associated with the
PT to determine its strength, characterized by the parameter ╬▒ (see Sec. 2), and the amount
of energy converted into ’¼éuid kinetic energy, often characterized by an e’¼āciency parameter ╬║,
again de’¼üned below6. Simultaneously, one should self-consistently solve the bubble wall equa-
tion(s) of motion (EOM) for the bubble wall speed vw. These PT parameters are then used
as inputs for the determination of the stochastic GW power spectrum h2Ōä”GW(f) in numerical
simulations of the colliding bubbles and cosmic ’¼éuid. In practice, analytic expressions for the
GW power spectrum derived from the simulations are typically used in this step rather than
directly simulating for each choice set of parameters. Finally, given a particular experimental
con’¼üguration and knowledge of the noise level, one can obtain the predicted LISA sensitivity
h2Ōä”sens(f) to cosmological sources. Comparing the predicted power spectrum to the LISA
sensitivity for a given mission duration yields a signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) which indicates
to what extent the scenario under consideration can be reconstructed [6,7].
Each step of the analysis described above carries with it a set of technical challenges
and open questions. A primary aim of this work is to elucidate these issues and propose a
conservative approach to obtaining state-of-the-art sensitivity estimates for LISA in detecting
a stochastic GW from cosmic PTs. In what follows, we will attempt to clear up common
misconceptions that arise in the literature, discuss the state-of-the-art in the various steps of
6As explained in Sec. 2, ╬║ can be expressed as a function of ╬▒ and vw, so it is not an independent parameter.
3

---PAGE BREAK---
Fig. 1, and, in cases where there remains some ambiguity or lack of concrete results, suggest
how to proceed. We will then apply these results to speci’¼üc models to present up-to-date
prospects for detection of a corresponding stochastic GW background at LISA. We primarily
focus on GWs produced by sound waves, thought to be the dominant source in most cases
of interest as discussed further below (for an overview of other possible sources we refer the
reader to our previous study [8]). We will show that, in its current incarnation, LISA will
provide a powerful probe of cosmic PTs in many well-motivated extensions of the SM. Given
the recent progress re’¼éected in this work, our study should be understood as an update to
our previous publication [8]. The results presented here can also be used to study GWs from
cosmic PTs at other GW experiments.
Given that there remain several open questions related to determining the stochastic GW
power spectrum from ’¼ürst-order cosmological PTs, and that the LISA mission details have
not yet been ’¼ünalized, predictions for the detectability of a given model at LISA may change
somewhat over the coming years. To assist the community in performing up-to-date analyses,
we introduce a web-based tool, PTPlot, that allows users to determine whether GWs from
a PT in a given model can be detected by LISA. This tool will be updated periodically to
re’¼éect predictions from the most state-of-the art simulations of GW generation at PTs, and
feature up-to-date sensitivity curves for the LISA experiment.
This remainder of work is structured as follows. In Sec. 2 we discuss preliminaries such as
the characteristics of the PT (typical bubble size, energy budget, wall velocity). In Sec. 3 we
explain our assumptions regarding the GW spectrum that accounts only for sound shells as
seen in simulations. Next, in Sec. 4 we present the tool PTPlot and describe its usage. The
computation of the PT parameters in speci’¼üc models, along with the related uncertainties,
are discussed in Sec. 5, with some further details provided in Appendix A. Finally, we present
the prospects for observing the stochastic background in concrete BSM scenarios in Sec. 6.
We conclude in Sec. 7.
2
Preliminaries: phase transition dynamics and param-
eters (HŌłŚ, ╬▓, ╬▒, vw)
In this section, we discuss preliminaries for the determination of the GW power spectrum.
In particular, we review the properties of cosmological PTs relevant for GW production.
The focus is on open questions and recent developments in the literature rather than on
an introductory explanation of the material. For a more pedagogical treatment see [8]. In
general, the signal is a sum of contributions originating from distinct sources: the scalar ’¼üeld
(bubble wall) kinetic energy, the sound waves from the bulk ’¼éuid, and turbulent motion. As
will be argued below, in this paper we will eventually estimate the GW signal coming from
sound waves only, to be conservative.
4

---PAGE BREAK---
2.1
Bubble nucleation and PT duration
GW production at a ’¼ürst order PT in the early Universe principally depends on four param-
eters, which determine the length scale, amplitude, and lifetime of the shear stress perturba-
tions.
At a ’¼ürst-order PT, the Universe is trapped in a metastable state. It can escape either
by thermal ’¼éuctuation or by quantum tunneling; in either case the escape route is via the
appearance of spherical bubbles of the stable phase with a microscopic critical radius Rc.
The bubbles are nucleated at a rate per unit volume P, which depends exponentially on the
critical bubble action7 Sc:
P = A(t)eŌłÆSc(t).
(1)
The collisions of the bubbles, and the subsequent ’¼éuid ’¼éows, produce the shear stresses which
source GWs.
In the thermal case, the high-temperature phase becomes metastable at a critical temper-
ature Tc. Below Tc the bubble action decreases from in’¼ünity and the nucleation probability
increases rapidly. The rate of increase, de’¼üned as
╬▓(T) = d
dt ln P(T) ,
(2)
is an important quantity, as we will explain below. It is a very good approximation to take
╬▓(T) = ŌłÆdSc/dt as long as Sc Ōē½1 and ╬▓ Ōē½H.
When the bubbles appear they grow due to a pressure di’¼Ćerence Ōłåp between the interior
and exterior, which is non-zero below the critical temperature. The onset of the PT is char-
acterized by the nucleation of one bubble per horizon volume on average, which corresponds
roughly to
Sc Ōēā140
(3)
for EW-scale transitions. As the bubbles grow and more appear, the fraction of the Universe in
the metastable phase decreases extremely rapidly [9], leading to bubble percolation for the PT
to successfully complete. While the nucleation rate increases, the volume into which bubbles
are nucleating decreases, and so the volume averaged nucleation rate reaches a maximum.
The estimate (3) can be improved by taking the precise value of the functional determinant
A(t) and the expansion velocity of the bubbles into account. However, for EW baryogenesis
and the production of GWs, the time of percolation is more relevant than the onset of the
PT. The criteria for the onset of the transition [10,11] and the end of the PT (which should
more or less coincide with the time of percolation) in a radiation-dominated epoch generally
7This is the action for the smallest possible bubble able to expand. The word ŌĆ£criticalŌĆØ here is unrelated
to the critical temperature Tc de’¼üned below, which is the temperature below which bubble nucleation can
occur.
5

---PAGE BREAK---
read
Sc(onset)
Ōēā
141 + log(A/T 4) ŌłÆ4 log

T
100 GeV

ŌłÆlog
╬▓/H
100

,
(4)
Sc(percolation)
Ōēā
131 + log(A/T 4) ŌłÆ4 log

T
100 GeV

ŌłÆ4 log
╬▓/H
100

+ 3 log(vw) .(5)
Here H denotes the Hubble parameter and the prefactor A(t) for the electroweak phase
transition (EWPT) turns out to be log(A/T 4) ŌēāŌłÆ14 [12]. For moderately strong PTs, we
do not need to distinguish between the Hubble parameter at the nucleation temperature Tn
(Hn, de’¼üned by solving (4)) and the Hubble parameter during percolation (HŌłŚ, de’¼üned by
solving (5)) as their values are very similar.
In some cases, the percolation temperature TŌłŚdetermined from (5) can lie signi’¼ücantly
below the PT critical temperature Tc (when the original phase becomes metastable). In this
strong supercooling regime, the vacuum energy di’¼Ćerence between the phases can come to
dominate the energy density of the Universe. This modi’¼ües the percolation criterion above
and in some cases makes it di’¼ācult for the PT to complete (models with non-polynomial
potentials are an important exception, as discussed in Sec. 6.5 and 6.6). In a given model
predicting strongly supercooled transitions, it should therefore be veri’¼üed that percolation
does indeed occur, by e.g. comparing the predicted percolation temperature from (5) and
that for which the Universe becomes vacuum energy dominated.
The ’¼ürst two important parameters for GW production at a thermal PT are then the
percolation temperature TŌłŚ(or better, the Hubble rate at percolation, HŌłŚ), and the nucle-
ation rate parameter at this temperature, which we call ╬▓ without indicating a temperature
argument. This nucleation rate parameter ultimately determines the mean bubble separation.
Several possible bubble expansion modes exist (see e.g. [13]) depending on the value of the
bubble wall velocity vw. For bubbles expanding as detonations, the typical separation between
bubbles is set by the wall velocity vw. For bubbles expanding as de’¼éagrations (vw < cs, where
cs denotes the speed of sound in the plasma), the reheating of the plasma by the reaction
front can suppress further bubble formation for large enough ╬▒. The mean bubble separation
should be corrected to account for this e’¼Ćect. In what follows we therefore estimate the mean
bubble separation as
RŌłŚ= (8ŽĆ)
1
3
╬▓
Max(vw, cs) .
(6)
where for de’¼éagrations we have simply replaced vw by cs as the relevant speed.
Careful
de’¼ünition of RŌłŚis important, since features (such as sound shells) of size RŌłŚare expected to
carry the majority of the energy of the transition. Further re’¼ünement of (6) would allow for
more accurate predictions in the case of de’¼éagrations and warrants future investigation.
Note that in the case of very slow PTs occurring for tuned polynomial potentials [14ŌĆō17],
when ╬▓/HŌłŚbecomes of order unity, (6) breaks down and the mean bubble separation at
percolation RŌłŚmust be calculated directly from ’¼ürst principles [11,17], rather than via (6).
6

---PAGE BREAK---
2.2
The energy budget
The next relevant parameter is the amount of vacuum energy released by the PT, which is
then transferred into kinetic energy [13,18]. We always assume that the total energy density
of the Universe e consists of two main components: radiation energy and vacuum energy from
the scalar ’¼üeld potential. The kinetic energy fraction can be estimated from the study of the
self-similar ’¼éows around expanding bubbles. The kinetic energy in the ’¼éuid as a fraction of
the total energy originally contained in the bubble is
K =
3
e v3
w
Z
w(╬Š) v2╬│2╬Š2d╬Š ,
(7)
where v = v(╬Š) is the ’¼éuid velocity and w = e + p is the enthalpy of the ’¼éuid and ╬Š = r/t the
coordinate of the self-similar solution. The fraction K for one bubble is a good estimate of
the average for the whole ’¼éuid once the bubbles have collided, at least for small fractions [19].
Since the ’¼éuid velocity v(╬Š) and enthalpy w(╬Š) depend on both the wall speed vw and the
strength of the PT (whose precise de’¼ünition we discuss below), the one-bubble kinetic energy
fraction depends on these parameters too.
To simplify matters, many analyses use the bag model. In this model, pressure and energy
density in the plasma are given as
p+ = 1
3 a+T 4 ŌłÆŽĄ ,
e+ = a+T 4 + ŽĄ ,
pŌłÆ= 1
3 aŌłÆT 4 ,
eŌłÆ= aŌłÆT 4 ,
(8)
where a┬▒ encode the number of relativistic degrees of freedom in the plasma in the symmetric
(+) and broken (ŌłÆ) phases, and ŽĄ is the so-called bag constant parametrizing the jump
in energy density and pressure across the phase boundary. In the bag model, the relative
importance of the bag constant to the thermal energy can be used to parameterize the strength
of the PT, with a strength parameter ╬▒ de’¼üned as
╬▒ =
ŽĄ
a+T 4 .
(9)
This is the de’¼ünition of ╬▒ which is being used in most of the literature and which is very
easy to compute in a given particle physics model where ŽĄ corresponds to the potential energy
di’¼Ćerence between the metastable and true minima. The kinetic energy fraction is then often
given in terms of an e’¼āciency factor [13,18] by normalizing it to the bag constant,
╬║ =
3
ŽĄ v3
w
Z
w(╬Š) v2╬│2╬Š2d╬Š .
(10)
The kinetic energy fraction is then
K =
╬║╬▒
1 + ╬▒.
(11)
Notice that for a de’¼éagration the temperature in front of the wall and the nucleation tem-
perature di’¼Ćer. Fits to the ratio of these temperatures and ╬║ as a function of ╬▒ and vw are
given in [13].
7

---PAGE BREAK---
This leaves the question how the analysis in a concrete model can be linked to the cal-
culation of the energy budget above (that uses the bag equation of state). A more general
de’¼ünition, not speci’¼üc to the bag model, notes that the bag constant is related to the trace
of the energy momentum tensor ╬Ė = (e ŌłÆ3p)/4, and the thermal energy density (i.e. the
energy density excluding the bag constant) is given in terms of the enthalpy, 3w/4 [20]. This
motivates the more general de’¼ünition
╬▒╬Ė ŌēĪ4
3
Ōłå╬Ė(Tn)
w+(Tn) ,
(12)
where Ōłådenotes the di’¼Ćerence between broken and symmetric phase. The de’¼ünition of ╬▒ is
partly a matter of convention, and having chosen the convention, the e’¼āciency parameter ╬║
can always be de’¼üned so that the kinetic energy fraction is given by (11).
Another reasonable choice to match a concrete model to the bag equation of state is the
di’¼Ćerence in energy between the two phases, Ōłåe(Tn), that is the natural input parameter
when studying the energy budget of the PT [13]
╬▒e ŌēĪ4
3
Ōłåe(Tn)
w+(Tn) .
(13)
Before the advent of full hydrodynamic simulations, this de’¼ünition was most commonly used
to quantify the amount of kinetic energy in bulk motion, since it allowed one to easily connect
the energy budget calculation to results from the envelope approximation8. For strong PTs
(i.e. ╬▒ Ōē│1), Ōłåe and Ōłå╬Ė are very similar since the zero temperature potential will dominate
the energy density and free energy, thus ╬▒ Ōł╝╬▒╬Ė Ōł╝╬▒e. For weak PTs, the pressure di’¼Ćerence
will be rather small and the energy di’¼Ćerence Ōłåe will be roughly four times the trace Ōłå╬Ė.
Therefore, the de’¼ünition (13) tends to overestimate the kinetic energy in this regime.
On one hand, the bag model (8) is rather crude, and in principle an analysis along the
lines of [13,18] is required in every speci’¼üc model, using the equation of state evaluated in a
better approximation, such as the high temperature expansion. Such analyses are currently
lacking9. On the other hand, it was already noticed in [13] and [20] that the main quantity
entering the hydrodynamic analysis is actually Ōłå╬Ė even when the analysis does not rely on
the bag equation of state. Hence, besides relatively minor e’¼Ćects (as the ’¼éuid velocity and
enthalpy pro’¼üles around the bubble depend on the sound speed) the hydrodynamic analysis
of ╬║ in terms of Ōłå╬Ė should be model independent. At the current state of knowledge of the
GW power spectrum, an evaluation of ╬▒ from the e’¼Ćective potential and (12), and using the
’¼ütting functions for ╬║ in [13] is su’¼ācient for estimating the GW signal of particle physics
models. In what follows we use (12), dropping the ╬Ė subscript in our notation.
8Notice that the quantity Ōłåe is often called latent heat even though technically the latent heat is a
di’¼Ćerence in enthalpy, L = Ōłåw(Tc).
9A general feature expected in more realistic models is that the speed of sound is smaller in the broken
phase; see [21] for calculations of ╬║ in this case.
8

---PAGE BREAK---
2.3
The wall speed
The last important ingredient in the prediction of the GW spectrum is the bubble wall velocity,
vw. This is the speed of the phase interface after nucleation in the rest frame of the plasma
far from the wall. The velocity is particularly important since it impacts the energy budget
of the PT [13]. Generally, a small wall velocity will limit the prospects for observing a GW
signal regardless of the details of the GW production mechanism.
Determining the wall velocity is one of the more involved aspects of PT calculations.
While many quantities entering the energy budget can be determined by equilibrium or hy-
drodynamic considerations, the wall velocity requires an out-of-equilibrium calculation. This
is done using a combination of Boltzmann and scalar ’¼üeld equations [10,22ŌĆō24]. The actual
calculation depends on the scalar sector of the theory under consideration as well as the parti-
cles that obtain masses through their coupling to one of the scalars. Due to the dependence on
the scalar sector and speci’¼üc particle content, scenarios must be treated on a model-by-model
basis.
Recently, a more model independent approach was presented in [25] which applies to
transitions where the scalar ’¼üeld undergoing the transition is identi’¼üed with the SM Higgs
’¼üeld, which drives the bubble expansion and experiences the majority of the friction. The
approach is based on using the criterion from bubble nucleation to reduce the number of
relevant parameters of the bubble wall velocity to two, namely the pressure di’¼Ćerence in units
of the Higgs VEV, ŌłåV/Žå4
0, and the strength of the PT, ╬Š = Žå0/T. Most wall velocities in our
models section do not yet apply these recent results.
Another limit where the bubble wall velocities can be more easily inferred are very strong
PTs. Since our last report on PTs [8], a signi’¼ücant new result has appeared related to the
calculation of the wall speed in the relativistic regime [26], which prompts a reanalysis of the
GW power spectrum for very strong PTs.
The original analysis [27] performed a leading order evaluation of the friction on a PT
bubble wall moving at ultrarelativistic speeds ╬│ =
p
1 ŌłÆv2
w Ōē½1, and showed that the
pressure due to the ’¼éux of particles crossing the bubble wall saturates as ╬│ ŌåÆŌł×. In the
reference frame of the bubble wall, this can be understood from the interplay of the density of
incoming particles ŌłØ╬│ T 3, and the mean momentum transfer per particle Ōłåm2/(2E) ŌłØ╬│ŌłÆ1.
For N degrees of freedom, the maximal pressure di’¼Ćerence is then given by [27]
Ōłåpfr = Ōłåm2 N
Z
d3p
(2ŽĆ)3
f(p)
2Ep
Ōł╝Ōłåm2 N T 2 ,
(14)
where Ōłåm2 denotes the change of mass across the bubble wall, f(p) is the particle distribution
function at equilibrium, and Ep is the energy of a particle with momentum p. This coincides
with the leading mean-’¼üeld contribution to the e’¼Ćective potential, and so runaway behavior
is possible if the free energy in the low-temperature phase exceeds that in the metastable
phase in the mean-’¼üeld approximation [27]. If this criterion is met, the wall will keep on
accelerating to highly relativistic velocities.
9

---PAGE BREAK---
In the original work [27] it was noted that higher order e’¼Ćects could change this picture.
Such e’¼Ćects have been recently discussed in [26], the most relevant being particle production
when masses or interaction strengths change across the phase boundary. These processes are
analogous to transition radiation in electrodynamics.
For the EWPT (and in general, for the spontaneous breaking of a gauge symmetry)
the dominant friction contribution at highly relativistic bubble wall velocities comes from
transition radiation of gauge bosons acquiring mass at the interface, and scales as
Ōłåpfr Ōł╝╬│ ╬▒w N ŌĆ▓ Ōłåm T 3 ,
(15)
with ╬▒w = g2/(4ŽĆ) the corresponding gauge coupling and N ŌĆ▓ the number of species partic-
ipating in the transition radiation. As a result, many models that were believed to exhibit
runaway behavior will actually develop a ’¼ünite wall velocity, with ╬│s Ōł╝(N ŌĆ▓╬▒w)ŌłÆ1. This has
important implications for the GW spectrum from the PT, since it implies that the dominant
fraction of the latent heat will be transformed into bulk ’¼éow of the plasma and not into
kinetic energy of the Higgs ’¼üeld. This follows from the fact that, once the bubble wall reaches
a terminal velocity, the energy stored in kinetic/gradient energy at the wall only grows like
R2 (where R is the radius of the bubble), while the energy in the plasma grows like R3.
Thus the GW power spectrum is primarily sourced by sound waves from bubbles producing
a self-similar radial ’¼éow with vw Ōēā1 in a much larger class of PTs than previously appreciated.
There are nevertheless two scenarios where the above picture becomes more complicated, and
which may lead to much larger values of ╬│ and even to runaway behavior:
No transition radiation: For scenarios where no gauge ’¼üelds are present, as in the sponta-
neous breaking of an (approximate) global symmetry (e.g. in a hidden sector), the dominant
transition radiation/splitting processes may only involve scalars and fermions, resulting in
a friction contribution growing at most like Ōłåpfr ŌłØlog╬│. As a result, the (╬│-independent)
leading order friction term may still provide the dominant contribution in the ultrarelativistic
limit, and runaway behavior could be possible in this case.
Extreme supercooling: When the PT exhibits extreme supercooling, as in the case of
models with (approximate) conformal symmetry (see Secs. 6.5 and 6.6), the temperature of
the plasma at the time of bubble nucleation can be many orders of magnitude smaller than
the energy scale that de’¼ünes the scalar potential, Tn Ōē¬Ōłåm. It would then seem that plasma
friction would play a negligible role on the expansion; however, for this to be the case, the
amount of supercooling is typically required to be extremely large. To see this, we assume in
the following that there is a relatively small number N ŌĆ▓ of particles in the plasma that acquire
a mass Ōłåm in the PT and produce transition radiation (notice that this is questionable in
one of the prime examples ŌĆō the holographic phase transition [28ŌĆō40] ŌĆō since there a large
tower of particles will obtain a mass in the transition). The released energy is in this case of
order Ōłåm4 (or somewhat larger) and using (15) one ’¼ünds that the Lorentz factor increases
10

---PAGE BREAK---
until it reaches the steady-state value
╬│s Ōēā
Ōłåm3
╬▒wT 3
n N ŌĆ▓ Ōē½1 ,
(16)
whereupon the self-similar hydrodynamic ’¼éow is established around the bubble. At the early
stage of the bubble expansion, the friction from the plasma can be neglected. The Higgs ’¼üeld
behaves as in vacuum and the Higgs pro’¼üle is a function of
p
t2 ŌłÆr2 + R2
c (Rc is the bubble
size at nucleation and also of order ŌłåmŌłÆ1). This leads to the following relation between
bubble size and its wall velocity
R = ╬│Rc Ōł╝╬│/Ōłåm .
(17)
The bubble size when friction becomes important Rs has to be compared with the mean
bubble size at collision, RŌłŚ, which can be no larger than the Hubble parameter during the
PT, H Ōł╝Ōłåm2/mP (with mP the Planck mass). Hence, the bubble wall continues to accelerate
until collision if
Rs
RŌłŚ
Ōł╝
Ōłåm4
╬▒wT 3
nmP N ŌĆ▓
1
HnRŌłŚ
Ōē│1 .
(18)
For example, if the near-conformal behavior of the models described in Secs. 6.5 ŌĆō 6.6 holds
down to QCD temperatures [36,40], T Ōēā1 GeV, runaway behavior up to bubble percolation at
the end of the PT requires Ōłåm Ōē│10(HnRŌłŚN ŌĆ▓)
1
4 TeV, typically corresponding to several orders
of magnitude of supercooling. Below this bound, the bubble wall approaches a steady state
and a ’¼ünite but highly relativistic bubble wall velocity. The latent heat is then transformed
mostly into bulk motion. We will assume this is the case in our analysis, in contrast with
our previous study [8] (see also [41] for an extended analysis of the issue). Notice that the
PT strength parameter ╬▒ scales as ╬▒ Ōł╝(Ōłåm/Tn)4 ŌåÆŌł×, while the fraction of energy in bulk
motion K Ōł╝╬│2
f (Tn/Ōłåm)4 approaches unity [13]. Hence, the Lorentz factor of the ’¼éuid motion
is of order ╬│f Ōł╝(Ōłåm/Tn)2. This challenging regime is so far unexplored by hydrodynamic
simulations and deserves further attention. In addition, the bubble wall velocity in scenarios
of con’¼üning PTs where a very large number of degrees of freedom acquire a mass across the
bubble wall (see sections 6.5 and 6.6) has never been explored and is an important open
question. Results should therefore be taken with a grain of salt in these cases.
3
Prediction of the Gravitational Wave Signal
3.1
Gravitational waves from bulk ’¼éuid motion
In this section we review estimates of the GW energy density Ōä”gw generated by a PT occurring
during the radiation era. To obtain the corresponding GW energy density parameter today
Ōä”gw,0, which is the quantity relevant for LISA, one multiplies Ōä”gw, which is normalised to the
UniverseŌĆÖs energy density at production time, by the factor
Fgw,0 = Ōä”╬│,0
gs 0
gs ŌłŚ
 4
3 gŌłŚ
g0
.
(19)
11

---PAGE BREAK---
Here Ōä”╬│,0 is the density parameter of photons today, gs ŌłŚ(resp. gs 0) is the e’¼Ćective number of
entropic degrees of freedom at production time (resp. today), and gŌłŚ(resp. g0) is the e’¼Ćective
number of relativistic degrees of freedom after the PT during which the GWs are produced
(resp. today). Using the Planck best-’¼üt value H0 = 67.8 ┬▒ 0.9 km sŌłÆ1 MpcŌłÆ1 [42], and the
FIRAS temperature for the CMB T╬│,0 = 2.725 ┬▒ 0.002 K [43], setting gsŌłŚ= gŌłŚ(true in the
SM for T > 0.1 MeV), and g0 = 2, gs 0 = 3.91, we have
Fgw,0 = (3.57 ┬▒ 0.05) ├Ś 10ŌłÆ5
100
gŌłŚ
 1
3
.
(20)
It was originally thought [18, 44] that GWs were mainly produced by the kinetic energy
of bubble walls during bubble collisions, as this was believed to be the relevant source of
anisotropic stresses in the case of strongly ’¼ürst-order PTs. This thinking motivated a widely-
adopted model known as the envelope approximation [45], in which the shear stresses are
considered to be localised in thin shells near the phase boundary, and instantaneously dissipate
as the walls collide.
It is now understood that gravitational radiation from the collision
phase is typically swamped by the radiation generated by ’¼éuid motion in later phases of the
transition, unless there is so little friction from the plasma that the bubble wall runs away (see
Sec. 2.3). In a runaway, most of the available energy at the transition goes into the kinetic
energy of the bubble walls, and gravitational radiation from the collision phase dominates,
although latest numerical simulations show that the shear stresses in the collision region have
a more complex behaviour than envisaged in the envelope approximation [46].
In this paper, we concentrate on the more common case of gravitational radiation gen-
erated by bulk ’¼éuid motion. In this case, the GW energy density spectrum at the time of
production takes the form (see e.g. [19,20,47])
Ōä”gw Ōł╝K2 (kLf)3
Z dt1
t1
Z dt2
t2
cos(k(t1 ŌłÆt2)) ╦£╬Ā(k, t1, t2) .
(21)
where Ōä”gw actually denotes d log Ōä”gw(k)/d log k.
In the above equation, K is the kinetic
energy fraction of the ’¼éuid, de’¼üned to be
K = Ō¤©w╬│2v2Ō¤®
┬»e
= ╬ō ┬»U 2
f ,
(22)
where w = e + p is the enthalpy, ┬»e is the mean energy density of the ’¼éuid, v is the spatial
part of the ’¼éuid 4-velocity, ╬ō = ┬»w/┬»e is the mean adiabatic index, and ┬»U 2
f = Ō¤©w╬│2v2Ō¤®/ ┬»w is
the enthalpy-weighted root mean square (RMS) of v, reducing to the RMS 3-velocity for
non-relativistic ’¼éows. For an ultra-relativistic ’¼éuid, ╬ō Ōēā4/3. The kinetic energy fraction can
be estimated using a hydrodynamic analysis of the expansion of spherical bubbles [13, 18].
Furthermore, in (21), k is the comoving wave-number and Lf denotes the ’¼éow length scale, the
scale at which the kinetic energy of the ’¼éuid motion is maximal: this is set by the mean bubble
separation Lf Ōł╝RŌłŚŌł╝vw/╬▓. The double integral comes from the de’¼ünition of the GW energy
density parameter, while cos(k(t1 ŌłÆt2))/(t1t2) is the GreenŌĆÖs function of the GW equation
12

---PAGE BREAK---
of motion, assuming that the source is operating during the radiation era with a scale factor
evolving as a ŌłØt with respect to the conformal time t (see e.g. the derivation in [48]). Finally,
╦£╬Ā(k, t1, t2) is the unequal time correlator of the normalised ’¼éuid shear stress. It is convenient
to normalise the spatial part of the ’¼éuid energy momentum tensor Tij(x, t) = w╬│2vivj as
╦£Tij = Tij/(┬»eKL3/2
f
), leading to the normalised shear stress ╦£╬Āij(k, t) = ╬øijkŌäō╦£TkŌäō(k, t), where
╬øijkŌäōprojects the transverse traceless part. The unequal time correlator appearing in (21) is
then de’¼üned as Ō¤©╦£╬Āij(k, t1)╦£╬Āij(q, t2)Ō¤®= (2ŽĆ)3╬┤(k ŌłÆq)╦£╬Ā(k, t1, t2).
Some fairly general considerations dictate the possible scaling of Ōä”gw from (21).
One
expects the source to be active for a given time interval Žäv, which sets the integration range in
(21). Furthermore, the source is expected to decorrelate over an autocorrelation time Žäc < Žäv,
which represents the time interval that it takes for the anisotropic stress to decorrelate. If
the duration of the source is less than one Hubble time ŽävHŌłŚ< 1, the factor (t1t2)ŌłÆ1 in (21)
becomes (HŌłŚaŌłŚ)2, where aŌłŚdenotes the scale factor at the bubble collision time. Usually one
then ’¼ünds, for k < Žä ŌłÆ1
c
Ōä”gw Ōł╝K2 (kLf)3 (HŌłŚŽäv)(HŌłŚŽäc) ╦£Pgw(k)
(ŽävHŌłŚ< 1 ,
k < Žä ŌłÆ1
c )
(23)
where ╦£Pgw(k) parametrizes the dependence on wave-number inherited directly from the source.
For k > Žä ŌłÆ1
c , the factor HŌłŚŽäc becomes HŌłŚ/k.
If the duration of the source is more than one Hubble time, ŽävHŌłŚ> 1, one expects
decorrelation after a time Žäc < HŌłÆ1
ŌłŚ, yielding instead
Ōä”gw Ōł╝K2 (kLf)3 (HŌłŚŽäc) ╦£Pgw(k)
(ŽävHŌłŚ> 1 ,
k < Žä ŌłÆ1
c )
(24)
and again HŌłŚŽäc ŌåÆHŌłŚ/k for k > Žä ŌłÆ1
c . It appears that the e’¼Ćective lifetime for GW production
is of order Žäv ŌēāHŌłÆ1
ŌłŚ
for a source persisting for longer than a Hubble time10. [19,47,49].
We will use the scalings above to determine the expected GW energy density from bulk
’¼éuid motion. To do so, one must specify the scales Žäv and Žäc entering (23) ŌĆō (24). Since the
source of the anisotropic stress is the bulk ’¼éuid motion, we set Žäc to the ’¼éuid autocorrelation
time, which typically scales as the ratio between the ’¼éow length scale and the characteristic
propagation velocity of the ’¼éow (c.f. Table 1).
The results of the simulations presented
in section 3.3 con’¼ürm this assumption.
Two processes of the ’¼éuid motion source GWs:
sound waves (the longitudinal mode) and turbulence (the vortical mode). In considering the
dynamics of the ’¼éuid, there are (at least) three relevant timescales that determine the lifetime
of the bulk motion. Besides the ’¼éuid autocorrelation time Žäc mentioned above, there are the
shock formation time Žäsh and the turbulence eddy turnover time Žätu. Table 1 collects these
timescales. We will further discuss their respective role in the following subsection.
10We focus here on the case of a source that indeed decorrelates (i.e. for which Žäc < Žäv) as this is the relevant
one for bulk ’¼éuid motion. Note, however, that non decorrelating sources might also exist. If the source
remains coherent over its lifetime Žäv, the above estimates change as follows. If the lifetime is smaller than one
Hubble time, the factor (HŌłŚŽäv)(HŌłŚŽäc) in (23) becomes simply (HŌłŚŽäv)2 for k < Žä ŌłÆ1
v . On the other hand, for
a coherent source lasting more than one Hubble time, one ’¼ünds Ōä”gw Ōł╝K2 (kLf)3 log2 [(tŌłŚ+ Žäv)/tŌłŚ] ╦£Pgw(k),
where tŌłŚ= 1/(HŌłŚaŌłŚ) denotes the initial time of action of the source. For k > Žä ŌłÆ1
v , the behaviour depends on
the details of the time dependence of the source [47,49].
13

---PAGE BREAK---
Symbol
Role
Approximate expression
╬▓ŌłÆ1
PT duration
Žäc
Fluid autocorrelation time
Lf/cs (turbulence: Žätu)
Žäsh
Shock formation time
Lf/ ┬»UŌłź
Žätu
Eddy turnover time on the scale of the ’¼éow
Lf/ ┬»UŌŖź
Žäv
Time for which bulk motion of the ’¼éuid lasts
HŌłÆ1
ŌłŚ
Hubble time
Table 1:
Summary of timescales discussed in the text, approximately arranged by expected
duration.
3.2
Relevant time scales and scaling of GW energy density
GW power is determined by the kinetic energy fraction in the bulk motion of the plasma K,
the ’¼éuid autocorrelation time Žäc, and the time for which the bulk motion lasts Žäv. As we will
see in the following, the latter scale depends on whether or not shocks develop and turbulence
is produced.
At a ’¼ürst-order PT, the expanding bubbles generate compression and rarefaction waves
(i.e. sound) [50], which continue oscillating long after the transition is complete, generating
signi’¼ücant gravitational radiation [19,20,51]. This acoustic phase has a lifetime determined
by the generation of shocks [52, 53], which happens on a timescale Žäsh Ōł╝Lf/ ┬»UŌłź, where ┬»UŌłź
is the RMS longitudinal velocity associated with the sound waves.
The shocks decay by
generating entropy, on the same timescale, setting the lifetime of the acoustic phase. The
autocorrelation time in acoustic production is set by the sound-crossing time of the ’¼éow length
scale Žäc Ōł╝Lf/cs Ōł╝RŌłŚ/cs [54]. Applying these timescales, one ’¼ünds for long-lasting acoustic
production (c.f. (24)),
Ōä”ac
gw ŌłØK2 (HŌłŚRŌłŚ/cs) .
(25)
For stronger ’¼éows with ┬»UŌłźŌē½HŌłŚRŌłŚ, the lifetime of the sound waves is less than the Hubble
time, since shocks develop within one Hubble time.
The GW energy density parameter
becomes (c.f. (23))
Ōä”ac
gw ŌłØK3/2 (HŌłŚRŌłŚ)2/cs .
(26)
To arrive at a corresponding estimate for the contribution from turbulence, one requires
the fraction of kinetic energy converted into vortical motion.
Numerical simulations of
intermediate-strength transitions have shown that during the acoustic phase approximately
1-10 % of the bulk motion from the bubble walls is converted into vorticity: this can be
estimated from the ratio ┬»UŌŖź/ ┬»Uf, given for example in Table II of [19] and Table III of [20].
Meanwhile, transitions featuring de’¼éagrations with larger ╬▒ were recently found to exhibit
more e’¼ācient generation of vortical motion and a suppression of the kinetic energy trans-
ferred to the plasma [55]. Based on the ’¼ündings for detonations and small-╬▒ de’¼éagrations,
in our last report [8] we set ╬Ą = KŌŖź/K = 0.05. This estimate is accurate at low RMS ’¼éuid
velocities, ┬»Uf Ōē▓0.05, but ╬Ą is likely larger than 0.05 at higher ’¼éuid velocities. Moreover, when
14

---PAGE BREAK---
shocks develop within a Hubble time their collisions and other non-linear e’¼Ćects may also
generate turbulence in the transverse (vortical) component of the ’¼éuid ’¼éow. Nevertheless,
the kinetic energy fraction of the turbulent ’¼éow cannot exceed the total kinetic energy frac-
tion in bulk ’¼éows of the plasma, setting an upper bound on the total possible contribution to
the GW energy density from turbulence. The relative importance of acoustic and turbulent
GW production depends on how e’¼āciently turbulent kinetic energy KŌŖźis generated from the
decaying sound waves and is a subject of ongoing study.
In addition, several timescales are also relevant for determining the contribution from
turbulence to the GW energy density. The turbulent cascade is expected to set in after one
eddy turnover time at the ’¼éow length scale, Žätu Ōł╝Lf/ ┬»UŌŖź. Afterwards, in the absence of
stirring, turbulence decays. The net turbulent kinetic energy is dissipated when the Reynolds
number at the ’¼éow length scale becomes of order one [52]. In the early Universe ’¼éuid this
can take several Hubble times, so the turbulence lifetime could in principle satisfy Žäv Ōē½
HŌłÆ1
ŌłŚ
[47]. However, turbulence decorrelates, which e’¼Ćectively reduces its lifetime to Žäv Ōēā
HŌłÆ1
ŌłŚ, as re’¼éected in (24). At the integral scale Lf, the autocorrelation time of the turbulent
’¼éow corresponds to one eddy turnover time [56]; it therefore features the same parametric
dependence as the shock appearance time, Žätu Ōł╝Lf/ ┬»UŌŖź. At smaller scales, the autocorrelation
time is the eddy turn-over time on that scale [56]. Turbulence decorrelation is usually modelled
with a Gaussian functional form [57].
Di’¼Ćerent approaches to describe turbulent decay adopted in the literature lead to di’¼Ćerent
parametric dependences for the resulting GW power, as well as di’¼Ćerent predictions for the
GW power spectrum. [58] considered stationary turbulence with a ’¼üxed lifetime, and a scale-
dependent velocity decorrelation time, corresponding to the eddy turn-over time on a given
scale. Reference [49] attempted to include the free-decay, but to guarantee positivity of the
GW power spectrum introduced a ŌĆ£top-hatŌĆØ modelling of the shear stress two-time correlation
function that sets the autocorrelation time of the shear stresses to the light-crossing time on a
given scale [47,49]. A direct consequence of this assumption is that the GW power spectrum
changes slope at frequencies higher than HŌłŚ, absent in [58]. This model provides the basis of
the turbulent GW power spectrum used in our last report [8]. More recently, ’¼éows with both
compressional and rotational modes, and with both helical and non-helical magnetic ’¼üelds,
have been modelled in detail [59]. The new ingredient is the Kraichan sweeping model for
the velocity decorrelation, and a variety of power laws and peak shapes are found depending
on the relative amount of turbulence. The ’¼ürst numerical simulations [60] of GW production
by MHD turbulence have produced power spectra which remain to be understood in the
context of the models. There are interesting indications that turbulent ’¼éows are less e’¼ācient
at producing GW than sound waves.
The preceding discussion highlights that the turbulence contribution to Ōä”gw is the subject
of ongoing study. Nevertheless, scaling predictions for Ōä”gw can be derived from (24) under
di’¼Ćerent assumptions. For turbulence lasting longer than the Hubble time at nucleation [47],
setting the autocorrelation time to the eddy turnover time on the characteristic scale of the
15

---PAGE BREAK---
’¼éow Žäc = Žätu Ōł╝RŌłŚ/ ┬»UŌŖźyields
Ōä”tu
gw ŌłØK3/2
ŌŖź(HŌłŚRŌłŚ).
(27)
This scaling is in agreement with the result of [47], adopted in [8]. If, on the other hand, one
neglects the free decay and assumes that the turbulence lifetime is much less than the Hubble
time at nucleation, one has the estimates Žäv Ōł╝Žäc Ōł╝Žätu [47], leading to
Ōä”tu
gw ŌłØKŌŖź(HŌłŚRŌłŚ)2.
(28)
We have discussed how the characteristics of the ’¼éuid dynamics in’¼éuence the scaling of
the GW power spectrum amplitude with the relevant ’¼éuid ’¼éow parameters. As presented in
the next section, in the case of GW production from sound waves, the results from numerical
simulations allow one to also infer the shape of the power spectrum. On the other hand,
further work is required to assess the amplitude and spectral shape from turbulence. In the
remainder of this study we therefore neglect GWs from turbulence altogether, in order to be
conservative in estimating the corresponding GW signals at LISA.
3.3
GW power spectra: numerical simulations
Our expressions for Ōä”gw,0, and in particular its spectral shape, are motivated by large-scale
simulations of bubble collisions and the resulting bulk ’¼éuid motion. In [19, 20, 51, 61] GW
production from a thermal PT was studied through numerical simulations of a scalar ’¼üeld
coupled to a relativistic ideal ’¼éuid. The best results for the amplitude and spectral shape
of the GW power spectrum come from [19,20]. While the bubbles in these simulations are
nucleated simultaneously (as opposed to the distribution of bubble sizes expected from a ’¼ürst
order PT), it is expected that for a given mean bubble separation RŌłŚthe results can be used
to infer the results for a given ╬▓ via (6).
The ansatz below, based on the simulations in [19, 20] and the analytic understanding
in [54, 62], is most reliable when the sound shell surrounding the bubble wall is large. This
means, in turn, that the wall speed must be far from the Chapman-Jouguet speed, in which
case the ’¼éuid just reaches sonic velocity in the frame of the shock. For de’¼éagrations (wall
speed smaller than the speed of sound) this means vw < vCJ = cs, while for detonations (wall
speed faster than the speed of sound) we require vw > vCJ Ōēācs(1 + ŌłÜ2╬▒╬Ė) so that the ’¼éuid
’¼éow behind the wall is well away from the speed of sound.
Using (25), for wall speeds away from the Chapman-Jouguet speed, we have
dŌä”gw,0
d ln(f) = 0.687Fgw,0K2(HŌłŚRŌłŚ/cs)╦£Ōä”gwC
 f
fp,0

,
(29)
where the numerical factor ensures that the total GW power is K2(HŌłŚRŌłŚ/cs)╦£Ōä”gw and Fgw,0 is
given by equation (20). The kinetic energy fraction of the ’¼éuid K is as de’¼üned above in (11);
RŌłŚcan be related to ╬▓ and vw by (6); ╦£Ōä”gw Ōł╝10ŌłÆ2 is numerically obtained from simulations;
16

---PAGE BREAK---
and the spectral shape function is
C(s) = s3

7
4 + 3s2
 7
2
(30)
with peak frequency
fp,0 Ōēā26

1
HŌłŚRŌłŚ
 zp
10
 
TŌłŚ
100 GeV
  gŌłŚ
100
 1
6 ┬ĄHz.
(31)
The quantity zp Ōēā10 is determined from simulations, and accounts for the observed peak
value of kRŌłŚ. We denote by TŌłŚthe temperature after the PT. For weak PTs this will coincide
with the nucleation temperature Tn but it can di’¼Ćer signi’¼ücantly for large supercooling. In
the end what controls the redshifting of the peak frequency is the Hubble scale. Prior to
a PT with large enough ╬▒, the vacuum energy is the main component of the total energy,
while after the PT it is the thermal plasma. Hence the redshifting is related to the (reheat)
temperature after the PT, TŌłŚ.
When vw ŌēłvCJ, the value of zp may di’¼Ćer from 10: the sound shells are so thin that
they may set a substantially smaller length scale ŌłåRŌłŚ= RŌłŚ|vw ŌłÆcs|/cs. More importantly,
though, the spectral shape ansatz in (30) fails to describe these scenarios well due to the more
intricate nature of the source, and a more complicated analysis is required [54].
In arriving at (29), the source was assumed to last for Žäv Ōł╝1/HŌłŚ. An additional modi’¼ü-
cation is required, however, if the shock formation timescale is less than a Hubble time, i.e.
HŌłŚŽäsh < 1. In this case, the total GW power should be reduced by a factor HŌłŚŽäsh = HŌłŚRŌłŚ/K1/2
to compensate for the appearance of shocks and onset of turbulence (c.f. 26), leading to the
modi’¼üed expression
dŌä”gw,0
d ln(f) = 0.687Fgw,0K3/2(HŌłŚRŌłŚ/ŌłÜcs)2 ╦£Ōä”gwC
 f
fp,0

.
(32)
As emphasized in [17] and below in Sec. 6, most models of interest for LISA predict HŌłŚŽäsh < 1,
and so (32) is often the relevant expression. This reduces the size of the GW signal from
sound waves relative to (29), which is typically used in the literature. However, for HŌłŚŽäsh < 1
the overall GW signal might receive additional non-negligible contributions from turbulence,
which we do not account for in our study.
In summary, the two key formulae used to derive the results of this paper, in particular
the SNR for LISA detection, are (29) and (32). In the ’¼ügures displaying SNR contours, such
as. Fig. 2, the grey-shaded regions will indicate where the shock formation time is longer than
one Hubble time, and therefore where (29) is used. Elsewhere, we use (32).
3.4
GW power spectra: discussion
Where hydrodynamic numerical simulations can be combined with a good physical under-
standing of the ’¼éuid ’¼éows, we can obtain reliable power spectra for the generation of GWs,
17

---PAGE BREAK---
corresponding to (29) ŌĆō (32) above. Still, there are regimes where hydrodynamic numerical
simulations have not (yet) been carried out, or additional production mechanisms occur, the
e’¼Ćects of which are currently di’¼ācult to quantify. In the following we comment on these
cases. In the numerical analysis we rely only on the predictions from sound wave simulations
(see Sec. 4). We try to be conservative whenever the simulation results do not immediately
apply.
One such scenario for which (29) ŌĆō (32) do not necessarily apply consists of strong PTs
with ever accelerating runaway bubble walls. In this case, the envelope approximation or
scalar ’¼üeld simulations seem to be the more reliable setup [46]. Even when the bubble walls
do not runaway but approach a highly-relativistic terminal velocity, the expected form of the
GW power spectrum is not clearly settled. Also in this scenario, one could make the case
that derivatives of the envelope approximation such as the so-called bulk ’¼éow model are more
realistic [63,64].
Another issue concerns the appearance of turbulence and magnetic ’¼üelds. In principle,
turbulence should develop at late times and drain the energy in the sound waves into heat, as
discussed in Sec. 3.2. However, current simulations could not con’¼ürm the onset of turbulent
motion, as for now they analyse the case of low RMS ’¼éuid velocities and the system is not
evolved for su’¼ācient time to observe the appearance of shocks and turbulence. As pointed
out above, our understanding of the turbulence contribution to the GW spectrum is still
evolving. In the last analysis [8], we limited the contribution from turbulence to the percent
level, based on the ’¼ündings of simulations. In light of the uncertainties that exist, and in order
to be conservative, we will neglect turbulence altogether in what follows. Note, however, that
for ’¼ürst order PTs in speci’¼üc models (for which the relation among ┬»Uf and HŌłŚRŌłŚcan be
predicted), the characteristic time of shock formation is often expected to be shorter than one
Hubble time [17], likely leading to turbulent ’¼éows and emphasizing the importance of future
study along this direction.
4
The PTPlot tool
To allow the reader to explore the GW power spectra in light of the preceding discussion in
speci’¼üc scenarios, we have developed a web-based tool ŌĆśPTPlotŌĆÖ to accompany this paper. It
may be accessed at ptplot.org. This tool is written in Python using the Django framework,
performing server-side rendering of power spectra and SNR contour plots. The aim is to make
high-quality, up-to-date and reliable predictions of the GW power spectra easily available to
the model-building community. In time, it may be extended to include other cosmological
sources of GWs, and other GW detectors.
PTPlot allows the user to display GW power spectra for any thermal PT parameters (╬▒,
╬▓/HŌłŚ, gŌłŚ, TŌłŚ, vw) of their choice, using the formulae presented here, with a comparison to
the public sensitivity curve for LISA given in the Science Requirements Document [65]. The
PTPlot tool uses (29) (shading the corresponding regions grey) and (32) that, as discussed
18

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 2: Example output of the PTPlot tool. The colored lines show the SNR that depends on
TŌłŚ, gŌłŚ(TŌłŚ) and vw. The two remaining parameters can either be ╬▒ vs ╬▓/HŌłŚor ┬»Uf vs RŌłŚHŌłŚ. The
dotted straight lines are the contours of the ’¼éuid turnover time HnRŌłŚ/Uf quantifying the e’¼Ćect of
turbulence. In the gray shaded region the decay of sound waves into turbulence is less important
than the Hubble damping and the SNR curve re’¼éects this e’¼Ćect. The model parameters are given
in the text.
before, only take into account the contribution from sound waves.
It is anticipated that the sensitivity curve (and SNR contours) will be updated if, in the
future, an improved public estimate of the eventual LISA sensitivity curve is made available.
The site carries a database of benchmark points for all the theories considered in Sec. 6 below,
and the power spectra can be viewed for these as well.
4.1
Signal to noise ratio plots
In addition to the GW power spectra, SNR contour plots can also be viewed. These show
where the parameter (or parameters) lie in either the HnRŌłŚ-U f or ╬▓/HŌłŚ-╬▒ planes 11. The
SNR is computed according to the standard formula,
SNR =
s
T
Z fmax
fmin
df
h2Ōä”GW(f)
h2Ōä”Sens(f)
2
,
(33)
where T is the duration of the mission times its duty cycle and h2Ōä”Sens(f) is the nominal
sensitivity of a given LISA con’¼üguration to cosmological sources, obtained from the power
spectral density Sh(f)
h2Ōä”Sens(f) = 2ŽĆ2
3H2
0
f 3Sh(f).
(34)
We take H0 = 100 h km sŌłÆ1 MpcŌłÆ1 and the observed Hubble parameter today is given by
h = 0.678 ┬▒ 0.009 [42]. For Ōä”GW(f), we use (29) and (32) as appropriate. For T we take 4
11Note that we use Hn and HŌłŚinterchangeably in this section.
19

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 3: Example output of the PTPlot tool.
The plot shows an example of the GW power
spectrum from a ’¼ürst-order PT, along with the LISA sensitivity curve (h2Ōä”Sens(f) taken from the
LISA Science Requirements Document [65]). The parameters of the example model are vw = 0.9,
╬▒ = 0.1, ╬▓/HŌłŚ= 50, TŌłŚ= 200 GeV, gŌłŚ= 100.
years as the mission duration and a duty cycle of 75%, yielding T Ōēā9.46 ├Ś 107 s which is the
minimal data-taking time guaranteed by the LISA mission requirements [65].
To give a responsive web interface, the SNR values are precomputed as a function of U f and
HnRŌłŚat ’¼üxed TŌłŚand gŌłŚ; note that the SNR contours are necessarily two-dimensional slices
through a higher-dimensional parameter space and this slicing was chosen for consistency with
previous work [8]. In our case, U f and HnRŌłŚare calculated from ╬▓/HŌłŚ, vw and ╬▒ using (6),
(11), (22) and the e’¼āciency factor from the literature [13].
Note that an SNR plot in the U f-HnRŌłŚplane was ’¼ürst presented in [20]; it is a natural
choice of parameters, motivated by the results of simulations. Furthermore, contours of the
’¼éuid turnover time HnRŌłŚ/U f are straight lines on this plot; this combination quanti’¼ües the
expected importance of turbulence. Regions where the acoustic period will last for a Hubble
time are shaded on these SNR plots. Note that for producing the SNR curves the duration
of the source is taken to be the Hubble time or the ’¼éuid turnover time, whichever is shorter,
as the most conservative estimate possible [17,20].
On the other hand, for an SNR plot in the ╬▓/HŌłŚ-╬▒ plane, which is more practical for
model builders, the input parameters can be plotted directly, but the contours are deformed
by the inverse mapping from U f and HnRŌłŚto ╬▒ and ╬▓/HŌłŚ.
Figs. 2 and 3 show three example plots produced by the PTPlot tool. The two plots in
Fig. 2 display the SNR in the ┬»Uf vs RŌłŚHŌłŚand ╬▒ vs ╬▓/HŌłŚparameter spaces. Figure 3 shows
the expected GW power spectrum for some example model and the LISA sensitivity curve.
All sensitivity plots presented in Sec. 6 were made with PTPlot.
20

---PAGE BREAK---
5
Determining ╬▒, ╬▓, and HŌłŚin speci’¼üc models
When considering a speci’¼üc model, the parameters ╬▒, ╬▓, and TŌłŚ(or HŌłŚ) entering the energy
budget (and PTPlot) need to be computed microphysically.
This is typically done using
a perturbative e’¼Ćective potential approach (implicitly assumed in the discussion of Sec. 2),
which can result in signi’¼ücant uncertainties in the predicted GW parameters. Here, we discuss
methods for going beyond the standard approach and the corresponding uncertainties as they
relate to LISA.
The majority of GW predictions in speci’¼üc BSM scenarios rely on the computation of
the e’¼Ćective potential V [{Žåi}], through a perturbative expansion to one- or sometimes two-
loop order in 4D. Here, {Žåi} denotes the set of scalar ’¼üelds involved in the transition (the
order parameters). Under the assumption that the {Žåi} are homogeneous, one may compute
the ’¼ünite temperature corrections to the classical potential.
The global minimum of the
e’¼Ćective potential then corresponds to the ’¼ünite temperature expectation value of the ’¼üelds.
The order of the transition is determined by whether this minimum changes continuously
(second-order/cross-over) or discontinuously (’¼ürst-order) as a function of the temperature.
The parameter ╬▒ follows directly from the e’¼Ćective potential, while ╬▓/HŌłŚand TŌłŚcan be
determined by computing the action of the bounce solution, which follows from the Euclidean
equations of motion for the scalar(s) again utilizing the e’¼Ćective potential.
An alternative method that has received renewed interest lately is to investigate the phase
diagram and determine the GW parameters by computing the e’¼Ćective action using numerical
Monte-Carlo lattice simulations.
This method was instrumental in establishing that the
minimal SM does not have a ’¼ürst-order PT at the physical value of the Higgs mass [2].
By considering the e’¼Ćective action rather than just the e’¼Ćective potential, no assumption is
made about homogeneity of the ’¼üelds, and mixed con’¼ügurations (such as bubbles) contribute.
Issues related to the well-known infrared divergences of ’¼ünite temperature perturbation theory
are automatically avoided in this approach, allowing for theoretically robust and accurate
predictions. The computation may be done in full 4D simulations of an e’¼Ćective bosonic
model [3], but because of the numerical e’¼Ćort involved, parameter scans are more feasible in
simulations of e’¼Ćective 3D models that are matched onto the 4D theory at high temperature
through a procedure known as dimensional reduction (DR). The status of the art regarding
this method is reviewed in Appendix A.
The short summary is that there remain several challenges associated with providing non-
perturbative predictions for LISA in BSM scenarios. Firstly, lattice Monte Carlo simulations
are still computationally expensive in 3D, and, as argued in Appendix A, need to be done on a
model-by-model basis. Even once a model is speci’¼üed, scanning the parameter space nonper-
turbatively is often not feasible. Instead, one typically chooses benchmark points to analyze,
which further prevents extensive phenomenological investigation. Furthermore, many sce-
narios rely on relatively large couplings to induce a ’¼ürst-order PT through radiative e’¼Ćects.
Dimensional reduction is usually done perturbatively to a ’¼üxed order in the couplings, and so
large couplings limit the accuracy of the dimensionally reduced description (see e.g. [66, 67]
21

---PAGE BREAK---
for recent discussions). In this case, the perturbative matching procedure can fail, and one
cannot perform 3D Monte Carlo studies of the model at ’¼ünite temperature, necessitating gen-
uine 4D simulations which are even more computationally challenging. Thus, there remains
ample room for future improvements along this direction as LISA moves towards launch. In
the interim, we rely mostly on results obtained from 4D perturbation theory, commenting
on existing nonperturbative results for the various models discussed in Sec. 6 below when
applicable.
6
Overview of speci’¼üc models
A variety of new physics models predict ’¼ürst order PTs in the early Universe. In [8] several
such models were considered to benchmark LISAŌĆÖs sensitivity to realistic BSM scenarios. This
section should be considered both an update as well as an extension of the previous work. The
recent developments in the computation of the stochastic GW background from PTs discussed
in the preceding sections and the updated LISA sensitivity curve necessitate a re-evaluation
of the detectability of speci’¼üc scenarios and benchmark points. Furthermore additional data,
e.g. from the LHC, has become available and puts additional constraints on models that
modify the electroweak phase transition (EWPT). With respect to these developments, the
models and benchmark points of [8] will be updated below. In addition, we will summarise
the recent developments in the study of models with cosmological PTs, with a focus on new,
more precise theoretical computations of the PT properties (c.f. Sec. 5) as well as on the
complementarity between LISA and other experiments in probing these models.
The models we discuss below fall into two broad categories: those where new physics
contributions modify the nature of the EWPT, and those where some other ’¼üeld undergoes
a PT largely independent of the Higgs, with an intermediate regime of multi-’¼üeld and multi-
step transitions involving the Higgs and other ’¼üelds. Among the simplest possibilities are
extensions of the SM by a scalar singlet or EW multiplet, discussed in Secs. 6.1 and 6.2, or
e’¼Ćective operators in the case that the new physics a’¼Ćecting the EWPT is su’¼āciently heavy
(Sec. 6.4). The dynamics of more complex models such as supersymmetric extensions of the
SM (Sec. 6.3) can often be reduced to that of the SM with a small number of additional ’¼üelds,
and in that sense the results of Secs. 6.1 ŌĆō 6.4 can be considered representative of a large class
of BSM scenarios. More qualitative changes occur if the new physics involves non-perturbative
or non-polynomial potentials such as extra dimensional or composite Higgs models, or if the
PT happens in a dark sector, as discussed in Secs. 6.5, 6.6, and 6.7 respectively.
6.1
Singlet extension of the SM
Many extensions of the SM feature new gauge singlet scalar ’¼üelds that can yield strong ’¼ürst-
order cosmological PTs in the early Universe, and hence contribute to the stochastic GW
background. Such extensions can be tied to dark matter (DM) [68ŌĆō70], the EW hierarchy
22

---PAGE BREAK---
problem [71], and EW baryogenesis [72, 73], for example12. Singlet scalars can be di’¼ācult
to probe experimentally despite featuring sizable couplings to the SM Higgs ’¼üeld, since they
do not couple directly to the other SM states except through mixing with the Higgs. While
these models are sometimes considered ŌĆśnightmare scenariosŌĆÖ at colliders [68], they provide
a compelling target for LISA [8] and highlight the complementarity between LISA and the
LHC.
Consider a gauge singlet scalar ’¼üeld, S, that couples to the SM Higgs ’¼üeld, H. The most
general renormalizable scalar potential is
V (H, S) = ŌłÆ┬Ą2 |H|2 + ╬╗ |H|4 + 1
2a1 |H|2 S + 1
2a2 |H|2 S2
+ b1S + 1
2b2S2 + 1
3b3S3 + 1
4b4S4.
(35)
A rede’¼ünition of the S ’¼üeld allows one to either remove the tadpole term from the above
expression (see e.g. [74]), or shift away the VEV of S at zero-temperature. We choose the
latter, but emphasize that this is simply a convention and that the results can be translated
between schemes with simple rede’¼ünitions of the various parameters (see e.g. [75] for an in-
depth discussion of these parametrizations). After EW symmetry breaking, in unitary gauge
we can parametrize H = [0, (h + v)/
ŌłÜ
2]T, where v = 246 GeV. The cross-terms in (35) then
result in mixing between h and S. The mass eigenstate ’¼üelds can be written as
h1 = h cos ╬Ė ŌłÆs sin ╬Ė ,
h2 = h sin ╬Ė + s cos ╬Ė ,
(36)
where the subscripts indicate the mass ordering, m1 Ōēżm2.
LHC measurements indicate
that the observed 125 GeV Higgs ’¼üeld is quite SM-like, and currently the mixing angle is
constrained to satisfy [76ŌĆō78]
|sin ╬Ė| Ōē▓0.2 ŌłÆ0.3 ,
(37)
depending on the mass of the singlet-like state and assuming m1 Ōēā125 GeV (i.e. taking
the singlet-like state to be the heavier scalar). We will primarily focus on this case in what
follows. This approximate bound comes from a combination of direct searches at the LHC as
well as EW precision measurements, and applies across the mass range m2 Ōł╝125 GeV ŌĆō 1
TeV. For more precise mass-dependent limits, see e.g. [76ŌĆō78].
An interesting limit of the model arises by imposing a discrete Z2 symmetry under which
S ŌåÆŌłÆS. If the Z2 symmetry remains unbroken at T = 0, there is no h ŌłÆS mixing, and S
might be stable on cosmological time scales, thereby contributing to the observed DM density.
The prospects for discovery at colliders in this case are much more limited, since S can only
be pair produced through the Higgs and can only be indirectly observed through missing
12Even though certain models with extra dimensions or a composite Higgs are technically speaking singlet
extensions of the SM (with a dilaton playing the role of the singlet), we will treat them separately in Secs. 6.5
and 6.6.
23

---PAGE BREAK---
energy in such events [68,71]. However, from the standpoint of LISA, the prospects are more
encouraging, as we will see below.
In both the general and Z2 cases, the tree-level couplings of S to H can yield a strong
’¼ürst-order EWPT. Such a transition can proceed in either one or two steps [74, 75]. In the
two-step case, the EWPT is preceded by a transition in the singlet direction. The strength of
the EWPT is governed by the couplings of S to the Higgs ’¼üeld (a1 and a2). These parameters
also govern the interactions of the singlet-like state with the SM. We discuss the prospects
for LISA and other experiments to probe these models below.
After ’¼üxing the Higgs mass and VEV, as well as setting the singlet VEV to zero, the model
in (35) contains ’¼üve free parameters. In [79], a strategy was suggested for systematically
studying the parameter space featuring strong ’¼ürst-order transitions, which we adopt here.
Speci’¼ücally, with regards to the LHC, the most relevant parameters of the model are the
singlet-like mass, and the mixing angle with the Higgs, ╬Ė. For a given m2 and ╬Ė, one can then
vary a2, b3 and b4 across the entire range of values allowed by
ŌĆó Absolute vacuum stability: The potential (35) is required to predict no zero-temperature
vacua deeper than the physical minimum at v = 246 GeV, either at treeŌĆō or one-loopŌĆō
level13.
ŌĆó Perturbativity: We require a2, b4 < 4ŽĆ, so that an analysis utilizing standard perturba-
tion theory techniques can be justi’¼üed14.
Imposing these requirements, we scan linearly over the corresponding parameter space for
various values of m2 and sin ╬Ė, searching for points with a strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT15, de’¼üned
as those for which vc/Tc Ōēź1, with vc the Higgs VEV at the critical temperature Tc. Our
conventions for the Coleman-Weinberg and ’¼ünite-temperature contributions to the e’¼Ćective
potential are those detailed in [79]. To determine the properties relevant for the GW signal,
we de’¼üne the PT temperature TŌłŚas that for which the three-dimensional Euclidean action of
the bounce solution, S3, satis’¼ües S3/TŌłŚ= 100. This choice was inspired by the percolation
requirement in (5). We compute the bounce with a modi’¼üed version of the CosmoTransitions
pathDeformation module [80], and use this to determine ╬▓/H and ╬▒ at TŌłŚ.
For illustration, we consider masses m2 = 170, 240 GeV and sin ╬Ė = 0.01, 0.1. These
values are motivated by distinct discovery prospects at the LHC and future colliders. As
discussed above, currently, values of | sin ╬Ė| Ōē▓0.2 are not constrained experimentally for
these masses. At the high-luminosity LHC, direct searches for the singlet-like state will likely
probe | sin ╬Ė| Ōē│0.1 for m2 > 2mW [81]. In contrast, the parameter space with sin ╬Ė = 0.01
13Note that in [79], tree-level vacuum stability was not required.
14In [79], in addition to perturbativity, the coupling b4 was bounded by perturbative unitarity. In our case,
since we require absolute vacuum stability at tree-level, this requirement does not signi’¼ücantly impact the
parameter space.
15Strong singlet-only transitions were not searched for, but can also produce a signal at LISA. However,
the physics driving such transitions does not necessarily involve the couplings of S to the SM Higgs, and so
the collider prospects for discovery are not as correlated.
24

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 4:
LEFT: Predicted values of ╬▒ and ╬▓/H for m2 = 170 GeV and 240 GeV (combined in
one plot) in the general singlet model obtained by linearly varying the free parameters of the model
and imposing requirements as described in the text. The mixing angles considered were sin ╬Ė = 0.01
(blue points) and 0.1 (orange points). The models in blue (orange) are unlikely (likely) to be probed
by the high-luminosity LHC. The expected LISA sensitivities correspond to TŌłŚ= 50 GeV. RIGHT:
Sensitivity curve for the Z2 symmetric singlet extension. In both the left and right panels we have
taken vw = 1.
is unlikely to be probed by the LHC or future colliders. LISA sensitivity to these points
therefore illustrates its complementarity with collider searches.
It is worth noting that resonant di-Higgs production (pp ŌåÆh2 ŌåÆh1h1) can provide an
additional probe of the parameter space for m2 > 2m1 Ōēł250 GeV, [82ŌĆō85], but we do not
discuss this region further here, as larger singlet masses tend to be harder to detect with
LISA. For lower masses, non-resonant h2h2 and h1h1 production can also provide a handle
on the parameter space for large values of a2, [79]. It would be interesting to investigate the
correlation between these observables and LISA in the future.
In the left panel of Fig. 4, we show results of our analysis of the parameter space for
m2 = 170, 240 GeV in terms of the properties of the EWPT relevant for GW production
and detection at LISA. We categorize points by whether or not they are expected to be
probed by direct searches at the high-luminosity LHC with 3000 fbŌłÆ1. We ’¼ünd that most
points feature TŌłŚbetween 20-100 GeV. As a result, the LISA sensitivity curves shown assume
TŌłŚ= 50 GeV. Also, for the predicted sensitivities, we have assumed a large wall velocity,
vw = 1. This is expected to be an excellent assumption for points with strong PTs in singlet
models [23,24,26,27].
We see that LISA will be sensitive to the strongest EWPTs in this model, while transitions
of intermediate strength and below (╬▒ < O(0.1)) may not be probed. Our results also show
that LISA will be sensitive to regions of the parameter space not accessible to the LHC or
other near-future experiments. There also exist regions to which both LISA and the LHC
may be sensitive. This opens up the exciting possibility of detection both in direct collider
25

---PAGE BREAK---
searches, and a con’¼ürmation of a strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT through the GW signal at LISA.
We repeat the previous exercise in the Z2 limit, corresponding to sin ╬Ė = 0, b3 = 0 in
our parametrization, scanning over m2 < 300 GeV. We also require the singlet to be heavier
than half the HIggs mass to avoid bounds on the invisible Higgs branching fraction. We
concentrate on the parameter space producing two-step PTs, as these transitions tend to be
stronger and hence can yield an observable signal at LISA (see e.g. [86]). We vary a2 < 3 and
b4 < 3 searching for strong ’¼ürst-order PTs requiring absolute vacuum stability. We show our
results in the right panel of Fig. 4. Our results agree with the conclusions appearing elsewhere
in the literature (see e.g. [8,68,86ŌĆō89]).
Comparing these results to those of the collider studies in e.g. [68,86], it can be inferred
that the LHC will probe virtually none of the parameter space shown. Future colliders will
provide some sensitivity through a combination of measurements of the Zh production cross-
section, deviations in the Higgs self-coupling, and non-resonant SS production. Reference [68]
claims that a combination of these measurements might be able to cover the entire parameter
space shown. Even if this is the case, LISA will likely have the ’¼ürst opportunity to directly
probe the parameter space with strong ’¼ürst-order transitions in the Z2 case16.
6.1.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis
The EWPT in the singlet model has also been studied non-perturbativey. The dimensional
reduction (DR) and a preliminary investigation of the parameter space using existing SM
lattice results were performed for the singlet-extended SM in [90]. Subsequently, [91] investi-
gated several di’¼Ćerent regions of the model parameter space both in the Z2 and non-Z2 cases,
comparing the perturbative and nonperturbative predictions. Requiring the self-consistency
of the dimensional reduction and that the e’¼Ćects from higher-dimension operators and dynam-
ics of the singlet ’¼üeld17 are small limits the regions of parameter space that can be accurately
described by the SM-like 3D e’¼Ćective ’¼üeld theory (EFT) used in these studies. Where the
3D EFT results can be trusted, [91] found reasonable agreement for the scaling of the PT
strength with the model parameters in both approaches. Furthermore, [91] applied existing
lattice results to determine ╬▒, ╬▓ and Tn for an illustrative benchmark point in the general sin-
glet model, ’¼ünding good agreement between perturbative and non-perturbative approaches
for the relative amount of supercooling, Tn/Tc, while the individual quantities Tn, ╬▒, and
╬▓/Hn featured larger (up to O(100%)) discrepancies. However, accounting for uncertainties
due to the neglected dimension-6 operators in the 3D theory, as well as the scale-dependence
16If the Z2 symmetry is valid up to high enough scales, S can be cosmologically stable, contributing
to the observed DM abundance.
As a result the model can also be constrained by DM direct detection
experiments [68]. Note however, that these signatures are much more model-dependent, in that they are
sensitive to whether or not additional DM annihilation channels are present.
Furthermore they are not
necessarily correlated with the existence of a strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT.
17In these studies, the singlet ’¼üeld was integrated out altogether, and so any potential impact of the singlet-
Higgs vacuum structure on the transition discarded. This is a general issue for EFTs [92] and not speci’¼üc to
DR.
26

---PAGE BREAK---
in the perturbative results, brings the results into closer agreement.
Taken at face value, the ’¼ündings of [90] and [91] suggest that the perturbative calculations
re’¼éected in Fig. 4 might predict the correct values of ╬▒ and ╬▓/H to within O(1) factors.
However, none of the parameter space considered in [91] features PTs strong enough to
be detectable by LISA, and so future work is required to draw ’¼ürm conclusions about the
accuracy of perturbative predictions in these regions of the model. This will require dedicated
nonperturbative studies of the singlet-extended SM, which are in progress.
6.2
Extensions of the SM with Scalar Electroweak Multiplets
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT may be obtained through the existence of a non-minimal scalar
sector featuring electroweakly charged scalar ’¼üelds in addition to the SM Higgs doublet. The
SM gauge non-singlet nature of these ’¼üelds helps in making them accessible at colliders, which
yields a more direct connection between the generation of GWs from a ’¼ürst-order cosmological
PT and phenomenological LHC studies. Here we focus mostly on two-Higgs-doublet-model
(2HDM) scenarios, in which the SM Higgs sector is enlarged by a second doublet. These
scenarios provide a compelling benchmark of extended scalar sectors where the new scalars
are charged under the EW symmetry of the SM. We also brie’¼éy discuss the case of other EW
representations, namely scalar triplet extensions of the SM, at the end of this subsection.
The strength of the EWPT in the 2HDM and its early Universe implications have been
widely studied in the literature [93ŌĆō105]. In the following we provide an overview of the
discovery potential of such a scenario at LISA and discuss the complementarity with ongoing
and future BSM searches at the LHC. The scalar potential for the 2HDM is given by
V (H1, H2)
=
┬Ą2
1 |H1|2 + ┬Ą2
2 |H2|2 ŌłÆ┬Ą2 h
HŌĆĀ
1H2 + h.c.
i
+ ╬╗1
2 |H1|4 + ╬╗2
2 |H2|4
+╬╗3 |H1|2 |H2|2 + ╬╗4
HŌĆĀ
1H2

2
+ ╬╗5
2

HŌĆĀ
1H2
2
+ h.c.

,
where we have assumed a (so’¼éy broken) Z2 symmetry18. The breaking of the EW symmetry is
shared between the two Higgs doublets H1 and H2, their VEVs given by v1,2 (with
p
v2
1 + v2
2 =
v = 246 GeV, v2/v1 ŌēĪtan╬▓). The 2HDM features three new physical states in addition to
the 125 GeV Higgs h: a charged scalar H┬▒ and two neutral states H0, A0. A ’¼ünal relevant
aspect of the 2HDM concerns the various possibilities for coupling the Higgs doublets H1,2 to
the SM fermions (see e.g. [106]). This has implications for the phenomenology of the model,
e.g. the current and future LHC sensitivity prospects, but it is not relevant for the EWPT19.
We will comment on the impact of 2HDM fermion coupling choices for the complementarity
between the LHC and LISA when relevant.
18This is assumed for phenomenological reasons:
its absence results in potentially dangerous ’¼éavour-
changing-neutral-current contributions once the Higgs doublets are coupled to the SM fermions.
19The top quark is generically the only SM fermion whose Yukawa coupling is large enough to be of relevance
for the EWPT, and the di’¼Ćerent possible fermion coupling choices share the same top quark Yukawa coupling
assignment.
27

---PAGE BREAK---
The strength of the EWPT in 2HDM scenarios is primarily determined by a decrease
in the free-energy di’¼Ćerence between the EW-symmetric maximum and EW-broken phase
at T = 0 with respect to the corresponding SM value [102, 104] (see also the discussion in
Sec. 6.4). This e’¼Ćect is mostly due to T = 0 one-loop contributions to the free energy. As
a result, a strongly ’¼ürst-order EWPT in 2HDMs is very much correlated with the SM-like
nature of the Higgs state h when mH0 > mh = 125 GeV, as well as with a large mass splitting
between the states H0, A0 [98, 101ŌĆō103], which provides an important connection to LHC
searches for new scalars in ’¼ünal states consisting of gauge and Higgs bosons.
In the following, we assume a SM-like 125 GeV Higgs, as currently favoured by LHC
Higgs experimental data [107].
For the 2HDM this means aligning the state h with the
direction of EW symmetry breaking.
We also assume mH┬▒ ŌēāmA0 as favoured by EW
precision observables. Finally, we consider the squared mass scale M 2 ŌēĪ┬Ą2(tan╬▓ + tanŌłÆ1╬▓),
corresponding to the approximate mass scale for the non-SM scalar doublet within the 2HDM,
to satisfy, for simplicity20, M 2 Ōēām2
H0. These assumptions leave mH0, mA0 and tan ╬▓ as the
relevant parameters in our subsequent analysis. In addition, we ’¼ünd that tan ╬▓ does not
in’¼éuence the strength of the EWPT as measured by the parameter ╬▒ (tan ╬▓ does however
play an important role in the corresponding LHC phenomenology, see the discussion below),
which is shown in Fig. 5 (left), in the (tan╬▓, mA0) plane for mH0 = 200 GeV (solid lines) and
400 GeV (dashed lines).
We perform a scan in mH0, mA0, with mH0 Ōłł[180 GeV, 450 GeV] and mA0 Ōłł[mH0 +
100 GeV, mH0 +350 GeV], computing the PT parameters ╬▒, ╬▓/H and TŌłŚfor points predicting
a strong ’¼ürst-order PT. The corresponding 2HDM results in the (╬▒, ╬▓/H) plane are shown on
the right hand side of Fig. 5 together with several LISA ’¼üxed-SNR contours, as provided by
PTPlot. The LISA SNR curves are computed for TŌłŚ= 50 GeV (corresponding approximately
to the values of TŌłŚfor the 2HDM benchmarks yielding the strongest transitions, see e.g. [100])
and assuming a bubble wall velocity of21 vw = 0.7. The blue and orange points in the ’¼ügure
correspond to 2HDM benchmarks for which di’¼Ćerent LHC constraints apply, as discussed
below. We stress that allowing for a slight departure from our assumptions about the 2HDM
parameters (SM-like Higgs h, mH┬▒ ŌēāmA0 and M 2 Ōēām2
H0) within the experimentally allowed
region would result in a small decorrelation between ╬▒ and ╬▓/H as compared to the very
strong correlation shown in Fig. 5 (essentially, a minor ŌĆ£thickeningŌĆØ of the line traced out by
the 2HDM benchmark data in Fig. 5). We also note that in the 2HDM one tends to ’¼ünd
larger values of ╬▓/H for a given ╬▒ as compared to other models (e.g. the singlet model, see
Sec. 6.1).
LHC searches for the BSM states A0, H0, H┬▒ can also probe the 2HDM region of parameter
space with a strongly ’¼ürst-order EWPT, resulting in a strong level of complementarity between
20Despite not being strictly required, this condition is favoured by the boundedness of the scalar potential
from below and unitarity considerations in the 2HDM.
21Preliminary attempts towards computing the bubble wall velocity in 2HDM scenarios featuring a strongly
’¼ürst-order PT were made in [25,100], where it was found that in a considerable part of parameter space bubbles
expand as de’¼éagrations, with only the strongest transitions being detonations.
28

---PAGE BREAK---
5
10
15
20
25
30
tan ╬▓
300
350
400
450
500
550
600
650
700
mA0 (GeV)
╬▒ = 0.0008
╬▒ = 0.0032
╬▒ = 0.0089
╬▒ = 0.01899
╬▒ = 0.1093
╬▒ = 0.008
╬▒ = 0.012
╬▒ = 0.016
╬▒ = 0.024
╬▒ = 0.1067
mH0 = 200 GeV
mH0 = 400 GeV
Figure 5:
Results in the 2HDM. LEFT: Strength of the EWPT as given by ╬▒ in the (tan╬▓,
mA0) plane, for mH0 = 200 GeV (solid red) and mH0 = 400 GeV (dashed blue). RIGHT:
2HDM benchmark points (from a scan in mH0, mA0, see text for details) in the (╬▒, ╬▓/H)
plane. The points currently excluded by the LHC for the Type-II 2HDM (but not for the
Type-I 2HDM) are shown in orange. The expected LISA sensitivities correspond to TŌłŚ= 50
GeV and assume vw = 0.7.
the LHC and LISA. In particular, given the sizable mass splitting mA0 ŌłÆmH0 characteristic
of a strong EWPT in the 2HDM22, LHC searches for A0 ŌåÆZH0 [98] by CMS [108] and
ATLAS [109] yield important constraints on the allowed 2HDM parameter space.
These
constraints depend on the speci’¼üc type of 2HDM Yukawa coupling assignment: for a Type-II
2HDM, the present bounds from the LHC ŌłÜs = 13 TeV ATLAS A0 ŌåÆZH0 search with 36.1
fbŌłÆ1 of integrated luminosity [109] exclude values mH0 Ōē▓340 GeV independently of tan ╬▓.
The points that would be currently excluded by this search for a Type-II 2HDM are depicted
in orange in Figs. 5. In contrast, for a Type-I 2HDM the present limits from [109] yield a
lower bound on tan ╬▓ as a function of mH0 and mA0. Future LHC searches (see e.g. [110])
will be able to completely explore the region of parameter space with a strongly ’¼ürst-order
EWPT within the Type-II 2HDM, while for a Type-I 2HDM the future LHC measurements
will only be able to increase the reach in tan╬▓ without fully exploring the model parameter
space. LISA, however, can probe such points, making clear the complementarity between the
LHC and LISA.
Beyond the 2HDM discussed above, other scenarios with EW scalar multiplets added to the
SM could lead to a ’¼ürst-order EWPTs and a GW signature potentially within the sensitivity
range of LISA. References [111,112] (see also [113,114]) studied the properties of the EWPT
22This can be readily inferred from Fig. 5: a strongly ’¼ürst-order EWPT in the 2HDM observable by LISA
would require at least ╬▒ Ōē│0.1, which from Fig. 5 (left) implies mA0 ŌłÆmH0 Ōē│250 GeV.
29

---PAGE BREAK---
within a scalar EW triplet extension of the SM. They found that this scenario allows for a
multi-step PT analogous to that of the Z2 symmetric singlet extension of the SM23 (recall
the discussion in Sec. 6.1). Such two-step transitions have also been explored in [113] in the
context of the inert doublet model (a particular version of the 2HDM with an unbroken Z2
symmetry). These multi-step scenarios in BSM theories with a new scalar EW inert doublet
or triplet could give rise to very strong ’¼ürst-order EWPTs within the reach of LISA (see
e.g. [112]), while also predicting several distinct collider signatures [111,113,115]. The latter
include the modi’¼ücation of the Higgs coupling to two photons and signals associated with a
compressed scalar spectrum (e.g. disappearing tracks and ’¼ünal states involving soft objects).
Finally, [116] has also considered higher EW scalar multiplets (EW quadruplets) as ul-
traviolet (UV) completions of a SM EFT framework (see Sec. 6.4), ’¼ünding that strongly
’¼ürst-order EWPTs yielding a GW signal detectable by LISA are possible, and that there is a
high-degree of complementarity with the LHC: quadruplet masses m╬ś Ōē▓600 GeV would be
probed by the LHC via multi-lepton signatures, while LISA could in principle probe much
higher masses depending on the value of the couplings between the EW quadruplet and the
SM Higgs doublet.
6.2.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis
Some of the scenarios discussed in the previous subsection have also been studied nonper-
turbatively at ’¼ünite temperature.
The dimensional reduction of the 2HDM to a SM-like
3D EFT (see Appendix A) was performed in [117ŌĆō119], and the PT analysed using exist-
ing SM lattice results in the case without CP-violation and in the alignment limit assuming
mH┬▒ = mA0. The parameters mH0, mA0 and ┬Ą2 were then varied for a few values of tan╬▓,
showing that a region featuring a ’¼ürst-order PT emerges (see [118]) and broadly con’¼ürming
that mA0 > mZ + mH0 is preferred in this region. However, in parts of the parameter space,
issues remain regarding the validity of one or more steps in the DR procedure, as well as the
mapping to the 3D theory in this approach. Again, some information about the two-’¼üeld
transition dynamics may be lost, even in the alignment limit.
More recently, [67] performed new lattice simulations including the dynamical second
doublet. The results for the equilibrium properties (╬▒, Tc) were compared with predictions
from perturbation theory in both 3D (using the two-loop e’¼Ćective potential) and 4D using
di’¼Ćerent resummation schemes. For the benchmark points considered in [67], the standard
4D treatment (used in the results of Fig. 5, for example) reproduces Tc to within about 20%
and ╬▒ to within a factor of two. The 3D two-loop e’¼Ćective potential approach more closely
reproduces the lattice results, but O(10)% uncertainties remain in some cases. The results
of this section obtained in the 4D perturbative approach should therefore be understood in
light of these ’¼ündings.
23However, as opposed to the two-step transition for the Z2 symmetric singlet scenario, here the ’¼ürst step
of the transition breaks the EW symmetry. This could impact the generation of GWs (bubble wall friction
from the SM gauge bosons would generically result in smaller values of vw than in the singlet scenario), as
well as other processes such as EW baryogenesis.
30

---PAGE BREAK---
As emphasized in [67], the PTs studied nonperturbatively to date are not strong enough
to be detected by LISA. To go to larger ╬▒, larger couplings are required, which decreases the
accuracy of the dimensional reduction. Future work is therefore required to make nonpertur-
bative predictions for LISA in the 2HDM.
Similarly to the case of a second doublet added to the SM, the scenario with an additional
scalar triplet [120] may also be dimensionally reduced to a SM-like EFT at long distances,
and predicts a region of ’¼ürst-order PTs. As for the doublet and singlet models, the viability
of the DR in the ’¼ürst-order PT region may be an issue (see [120] for details). The authors
argue in favour of using a di’¼Ćerent 3D target theory, implying future numerical work to be
done to pin down the corresponding phase diagram and extract nonperturbative predictions
relevant for LISA.
6.3
SUSY-extended SM
The previous two subsections studied LISAŌĆÖs sensitivity to extensions of the SM with minimal
new ’¼üeld content and motivated mostly from a bottom-up perspective. However, LISA can
also probe richer UV-complete scenarios. The classic example is supersymmetry (SUSY).
SUSY is one of the most investigated embeddings of the SM. Several features make SUSY
compelling: it predicts gauge coupling uni’¼ücation, provides a variety of DM candidates, and
is an important ingredient in theories of quantum gravity such as string theory. Furthermore,
SUSY arises naturally in generalizing the Poincare algebra. As a result, there are no quadratic
divergences in the scalar sectors of SUSY models, while the remaining logarithmic divergences
are not sensitive to e.g. the Planck cuto’¼Ćbut instead to the (potentially much lower) SUSY
breaking scale. All radiative corrections are then small when the SUSY breaking scale is
close to the TeV scale, in which case the predicted EW scale is of the order of the W and Z
boson masses without requiring tuning between the low-energy parameters. Intriguingly, low-
scale SUSY breaking implies light new physics, with obvious implications for EW symmetry
breaking and, possibly, the dynamics of the EWPT.
The MSSM is the simplest supersymmetric extension of the SM. In this setup the EWPT
can be strongly ’¼ürst-order if the two stops (scalar top partners) feature small mixing and one
of the two is lighter than the top quark [121ŌĆō124]. Interestingly enough, naturalness also favors
light stops. However light stops are in strong tension with current LHC measurements: a light
stop with small mixing boosts the ratio between the Higgs gluon-fusion and vector-boson-
fusion signal strengths. Furthermore, light stops are highly constrained by direct searches
at ATLAS and CMS [125ŌĆō129]. Despite potential loopholes in the experimental limits (see
e.g. [130]), it seems unfeasible to overcome all current constraints simultaneously and so a
strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT in the MSSM can be considered essentially ruled out.
Non-minimal supersymmetric scenarios, on the other hand, can still feature strong ’¼ürst-
order EWPTs, the singlet extension of the MSSM being a prominent example. Numerous
analyses have investigated the EWPT in this setup before the LHC constraints on SUSY
became as stringent [131ŌĆō134]. As a proof of principle, one can however check that, although
31

---PAGE BREAK---
Benchmark
PT parameters
╬▒
╬▓/HŌłŚ
vw
TŌłŚ/GeV
SUSY1 (1A)
0.037
277
0.95
112
SUSY1 (1B)
0.066
106
0.95
95
SUSY1 (1C)
0.105
33.2
0.95
82
SUSY1 (1D)
0.143
6.0
0.95
76.4
SUSY2 (2A)
0.050
830
0.73
135
SUSY2 (2B)
0.040
2914
0.72
146
SUSY3 (3A)
0.062
214
0.5
74
SUSY3 (3B)
0.045
200
0.5
79
SUSY4 (4A)
0.22
57
0.95
48
Table 2: Benchmarks scenarios for SUSY embeddings. Note that the listed values of vw are quoted
from the original references and are not necessarily realistic (see the main text). For the analysis of
our benchmark points we simply take vw Ōēā0.95 absent more detailed microphysical calculations of
vw in these models.
tuned, there exists a region of parameter space compatible with a very strong EWPT and that
would avoid detection at the LHC. To arrive at such scenarios, one must build a superpotential
allowing all new physics irrelevant for the EWPT to be above the LHC energy reach. This
implies that an exact Z2 symmetry cannot be enforced on the singlet [135]. The 125 GeV
Higgs and the singlet therefore mix. This mixing must be tuned to a small value to mimic the
SM-like Higgs signal strengths. As a result of these considerations, at low energy the theory
looks like the singlet extension of the SM with an approximate Z2 symmetry (see Sec. 6.1). In
particular EW symmetry breaking can proceed via a two-step EWPT with ultra-relativistic
bubbles [135]. The benchmark points in Table 2 labeled SUSY1 are taken from [135] and
represent this setup.
From the standpoint of LISA, it is interesting to note that singlet extensions of the MSSM
do not necessarily predict ultra-relativistic bubbles. In contrast to the aforementioned split
scenario, one can instead assume the electroweakinos to be light and obtain a EWPT strong
enough to be accessible by LISA through the mechanism discussed previously [136,137]. The
presence of these new degrees of freedom in the thermal bath increases the friction between
the bubble wall and the plasma. Moreover, they can provide a new source of CP-violation.
Thus, at least in principle, all the ingredients required by electroweak baryogenesis could be
present [134,138ŌĆō141]. In Table 2, the benchmark models labeled SUSY2 and SUSY3 corre-
spond to this light electroweakino scenario and are taken from [136] and [137] respectively24.
It remains an open question whether such benchmark models, characterized by large CP-
24As discussed in the original articles, the obtained values of the bubble velocities are not computed mi-
crophysically and therefore are subject to large uncertainties. [136] determines vw as the Chapman-Jouguet
speed, which underestimates vw in the detonation regime (see Sec. 3.3). [137] instead does not compute vw
and provides benchmark points assuming an optimistic and pessimistic value of vw in the de’¼éagration regime.
32

---PAGE BREAK---
violating sources and light electroweakinos, would be able to produce the observed baryon
asymmetry of the Universe while remaining consistent with bounds from electric dipole mo-
ment (EDM) experiments [142,143] and collider searches [144ŌĆō148]. Such limits are already
very stringent. If they become stronger, these benchmark points would most likely be ruled
out before LISA ’¼éies.
A further step into non-minimality consists of introducing custodial triplets. As a result
of the custodial symmetry, these ’¼üelds can acquire large VEVs without spoiling EW precision
tests [149,150]. As a consequence, the structure of the scalar potential can di’¼Ćer signi’¼ücantly
from that of the MSSM, and a tree-level barrier between the di’¼Ćerent phases could exist.
Very strong PTs with ultra-relativistic bubble velocities can then occur [151]. Even if light,
the triplets can evade current LHC bounds as well as relax some of the tension between light
stops and LHC data [152, 153]. The benchmark scenario SUSY4 in Table 2 corresponds to
this setup [151].
Finally, we remark that relaxing minimality can also result in modi’¼ücations of theory
at high energies. Such extensions may not impact the phenomenology at experimentally-
accessible scales but instead could explain the origin of the ŌĆ£accidentalŌĆØ tunings perceived at
low energy in the examples we have discussed25. In other words, perhaps the lack of tuning
at low energy is not a robust guiding principle. Here we refrain from judging this argument
or assessing the plausibility of the SUSY benchmark scenarios discussed above; we simply
take the SUSY benchmark points that the literature has identi’¼üed as interesting from the
standpoint of GW signatures, and update their detection prospects in light of the new, more
precise predictions discussed in Sec. 3.
Fig. 6 summarizes our ’¼ündings for SUSY models summarized in Table 2. These results
show that LISA is capable of probing many of the proposed benchmark scenarios, provided vw
is large enough. In fact, were vw below the speed of sound, our conclusions would be radically
di’¼Ćerent. Existing calculations, however, suggest that whenever the EWPT is strong and
the plasma does not di’¼Ćer much from that of the SM, wall velocities larger than the speed
of sound arise. This is indeed what happens in SUSY scenarios that reduce to the singlet
model at low energies where the wall velocity has been directly computed [24]. We hence
assume vw = 1 in Fig, 6 which, for PTs of these strengths, is likely to be more realistic
than the Chapman-Jouguet speed assumed in most analyses. We emphasize, however, that
microphysical calculations vw in these models should be done to obtain more accurate results.
6.3.1
Non-perturbative PT analysis
Lattice studies based on the 3D EFT approach have also been pursued for supersymmetric
scenarios. Due to the wide range of possible spectra in SUSY models and the e’¼Ćort that each
lattice analysis requires, non-perturbative studies of the EWPT in the context of SUSY are
Notice also that [137] evaluates ╬▒ as the normalized latent heat. We thank Ligong Bian, Huai-Ke Guo and
Jing Shu for communications about the benchmark scenarios used in their study [136].
25For instance the so-called ┬Ą problem, which implies that heavy Higgsinos are not natural, is not a generic
feature of SUSY embedding [154ŌĆō156].
33

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 6: SUSY benchmark points in the (╬▒, ╬▓/H) plane for the benchmark models listed in Table
2, with TŌłŚrounded to 80 GeV and gŌłŚto 108.75. For the wall velocity we assume vw = 0.95.
not exhaustive. Those that do exist, however, su’¼āce to highlight some overall trends when
comparing between perturbative and non-perturbative predictions.
The structure of the MSSM 3D Lagrangian depends strongly on the assumed spectrum.
The non-trivial dimensional reduction to 3D needs to be done on a case-by-case basis, de-
pending on which degrees of freedom are assumed to be heavy. The MSSM 3D theory is
therefore known only in a few regimes. The investigated regimes include the case in which all
third generation squarks are light [94], the case where the right-handed stop is much lighter
than all the other squarks [117, 157, 158], and the case where all the Higgs bosons are light
(resembling the 2HDM) with or without a light slepton [157].
In the MSSM, a 3D perturbative computation tends to ’¼ünd stronger EWPTs than those
obtained in the standard 4D approach. The same feature arises from lattice simulations run
on the 3D theories [121,159]. In particular, under similar assumptions concerning the heavy
degrees of freedom, the lattice results relax the upper bound on the right-handed stop by
around 30% with respect to the 4D prediction (cf. [121,128]). This sizable di’¼Ćerence is however
not su’¼ācient to circumvent the LHC constraints on light stops, so that the aforementioned
experimental tension persists.
Non-perturbative analyses of the EWPT in extensions of the MSSM have not been explic-
itly performed. The 3D EFT of the singlet extension of the MSSM can be found e.g. in [157]
but we are not aware of lattice simulations based on this framework. The results from sim-
ulations run to explore other low-energy theories (see Sec. 6.1.1 and Sec. 6.2.1) could be
reinterpreted in terms of the supersymmetric singlet extension. It is however unclear whether
such an e’¼Ćort would not be premature without any experimental hint favoring a particular
MSSM extension instead of other SUSY or non-SUSY setups. In any case, only perturbative
34

---PAGE BREAK---
results are currently available for predictions relevant for LISA.
6.4
EFT approach to extensions of the SM
The models discussed in the previous subsections assumed the presence of new degrees of
freedom present near the electroweak scale, however this need not be the case to obtain an
observable signal at LISA. If the scale of new physics is su’¼āciently high, the impact of the
new states on the EWPT can be parametrized and studied by means of an EFT. In this SM
E’¼Ćective Field Theory (SMEFT), the Higgs potential is augmented by terms of higher power
in the Higgs ’¼üeld, suppressed by the scale of new physics, which we denote by f (not to be
confused with the GW frequency). This approach allows one to study the generic impact of
new physics, in our case on the EWPT, without relying on speci’¼üc models.
We write the Higgs doublet as H = [0, (h + v)/
ŌłÜ
2]T, with h being the physical Higgs
boson and v = 246 GeV the Higgs VEV. In the following we consider operators of mass
dimension up to eight, so that the Higgs potential reads
Vtree(h) = ŌłÆ┬Ą2
H|H|2 + ╬╗h|H|4 + c6
f 2|H|6 + c8
f 4|H|8
= ŌłÆ1
2┬Ą2
Hh2 + 1
4╬╗Hh4 + c6
8f 2h6 +
c8
16f 4h8 .
(38)
If the e’¼Ćective theory is valid, operators with even higher mass dimension will not modify the
results. Here the scale of new physics, f, is taken to be about a TeV, and the Wilson coe’¼ā-
cients, c6,8, are expected to be of order one. We take c6/f 2 and c8/f 4 as input parameters,.
The remaining parameters, i.e. the mass squared term and quartic coupling, are then ’¼üxed
by requiring that the one-loop Higgs potential, V (h) = Vtree(h) + ŌłåVCW(h), has a minimum
at Ō¤©hŌ¤®= v, at which the physical Higgs mass is mh Ōēā125 GeV.
To study the EWPT in this model, we include the one-loop thermal corrections from the
W and Z bosons, and the top quark (the latter is the only particle that is relevant for the
zero temperature corrections). It has been shown [116] that, to a good approximation, key
properties of the PT, such as TŌłŚ, ŽåŌłŚ, ╬▒ and ╬▓ depend mostly on an e’¼Ćective scale of new
physics, f/ŌłÜc, de’¼üned by
c
f 2 ŌēĪc6
f 2 + 3
2v2 c8
f 4
(39)
rather than on f, c6 and c8 separately.
So e’¼Ćectively this model has only a single free
parameter that governs the physics relevant for GW production.
The ’¼ürst study of the EWPT in the SMEFT goes back to the early 1990s [160], where it
was realized that the EWPT can be strongly ’¼ürst order if the scale of new physics is below
a TeV, even for the observed Higgs mass. Later, the parameter space was mapped out in
more detail [161,162]. It was realized in particular that this scenario leads to a considerably
enhanced Higgs self coupling [161] and electroweak baryogenesis was investigated [163].
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT in the SMEFT is made possible by the presence of the extra
operators in the potential, which can result in a barrier separating the origin from the Higgs
35

---PAGE BREAK---
phase at zero temperature. For instance, the quartic coupling can be chosen to be negative,
and the potential will be stabilized by the higher dimensional operators. There is an equivalent
way of interpreting the mechanism of the PT. The higher dimensional operators break the
link between the Higgs mass and the depth of the electroweak minimum [164]. As the e’¼Ćective
scale of new physics is lowered, the electroweak minimum becomes shallower. The transition
then happens at lower temperature with a larger jump in the Higgs ’¼üeld. This generally leads
to stronger PTs, as is also observed in e.g. the 2HDM (see Sec, 6.2) or the singlet extension
(see Sec. 6.1).
It is interesting to ask whether or not the e’¼Ćective theory correctly describes the impact
of new physics on the PT in concrete models. This was done in [92] for the singlet extension,
and it was found that the EFT correctly reproduces the PTs of the full model only in a small
part of the parameter space. In [165] it was found that the e’¼Ćective theory also has limited
validity when computing the baryon asymmetry. Finally, it has been shown in [116] that
only in special perturbative UV completions, such as a custodial electroweak quarduplet,
it is possible to generate the necessary operators in the Higgs potential without violating
phenomenological constraints, such as EW precision tests. Despite these caveats, the e’¼Ćective
theory is still a useful toy model to study properties of the EWPT in a simple manner.
The SMEFT is amongst the few models where the bubble wall velocity has been computed.
This was ’¼ürst done in [166], using results from the SM. Re’¼üned calculations were presented
in [23,25]. The calculations show that, as the transition gets stronger, the velocity turns from
sub- to supersonic, and eventually satis’¼ües the ŌĆ£oldŌĆØ runaway criterion [27] before reaching
the metastability region.
GW production at the EWPT in the e’¼Ćective theory has been studied initially in [11,162].
It was recently revisited in [167] and [116], and most of the results presented below are taken
from the latter reference. All of these studies show that the EWPT in this setup can generate
GWs that can be probed by LISA.
On the left hand side of Fig. 7 we show the PT temperature TŌłŚ, de’¼üned by S3/TŌłŚŌł╝100;
as well as the value of ŽåŌłŚ/TŌłŚas a function of the e’¼Ćective scale. In the right panel of the same
’¼ügure we show a scatter plot of ╬▒ and ╬▓ generated by PTPlot, along with the corresponding
LISA SNR curves. Since the PT temperature changes with f/ŌłÜc, we plot sensitivities for
two groups of points: ŌĆ£Scenario AŌĆØ, for which TŌłŚis closer to Ōł╝50 GeV, and ŌĆ£Scenario BŌĆØ,
for which TŌłŚ= 100 GeV provides a more accurate description.
As the e’¼Ćective scale of new physics, f/ŌłÜc, is lowered, the PT gets stronger, ╬▓ becomes
smaller and the wall velocity increases. At f/ŌłÜc Ōł╝540 GeV, the PT no longer completes,
i.e. the symmetric phase becomes metastable. At even lower values f/ŌłÜc < 480 GeV, the
electroweak minimum ceases to be the global one. For f/ŌłÜc Ōē▓650 GeV the bubble expand as
detonations. Larger values lead to de’¼éagrations. At f/ŌłÜc Ōē▓580 GeV the bubble expansion
satis’¼ües the ŌĆ£oldŌĆØ runaway criterion of [27]. The relatively small value of f/ŌłÜc justi’¼ües the
inclusion of operators of dimension larger than six.
36

---PAGE BREAK---
500
600
700
800
f/ŌłÜc [GeV]
100
101
102
TŌłŚ[GeV]
ŽåŌłŚ/TŌłŚ
Figure 7: LEFT: Values of TŌłŚand ŽåŌłŚ/TŌłŚas a function of the e’¼Ćective scale f/ŌłÜc (note that the
parameter f appearing here should not be confused with the GW frequency). RIGHT: Scatter plot
on the plane of ╬▒ and ╬▓/H. The blue (orange) dots, labelled ŌĆ£Scenario AŌĆØ (ŌĆ£Scenario BŌĆØ), correspond
to scenarios with TŌłŚŌł╝50 GeV (TŌłŚŌł╝100 GeV). The wall velocity is taken to be vw = 0.95.
The e’¼Ćective interactions also modify the Higgs trilinear coupling [116],
╬╗3 Ōł╝╬╗3,SM

1 + v2
m2
h

2c6
v2
f 2 + 4c8
v4
f 4

.
(40)
Such modi’¼ücations are potentially testable in double Higgs production at colliders. However,
the still very small cross section makes all values compatible with a strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT
impossible to probe at the LHC. A sizable region of this parameter space could be instead
tested at a future Higgs factory, such as the FCC-ee [168]. All values could be probed at a
future 100 TeV hadron collider, such as the FCC-hh [169]. All in all, LISA will provide the
’¼ürst actual test of the scalar potential of the SMEFT.
6.5
Models with warped extra dimensions
The scenarios discussed thus far all rely on weakly-coupled new physics and polynomial scalar
potentials which typically predict ╬▒ signi’¼ücantly smaller than 1. However, there exist com-
pelling and well-motivated frameworks that can generically give rise to large signals at LISA
featuring strong dynamics and non-polynomial potentials which are the subject of the next
two subsections. We start with models involving warped extra dimensions.
Five-dimensional warped models have attracted much attention in the literature as they
provide a natural and well-motivated framework for a very strong ’¼ürst-order PT [28ŌĆō36,39,
170]. In the e’¼Ćective 4D language, this PT involves the radion scalar ’¼üeld whose potential
stabilizes the interbrane distance determining the size of the slice of Anti-de Sitter space
37

---PAGE BREAK---
in RandallŌĆōSundrum models. The VEV of the radion ’¼üeld describes the position of the IR
(i.e. TeV) brane emerging from in’¼ünity. This class of models has been among the most popular
solutions to the hierarchy problem. As the Higgs emerges together with the IR brane, the
EW scale naturally emerges as the Planck scale suppressed by a geometric (warped) factor.
The masses of the KaluzaŌĆōKlein resonances are around the TeV for solving the hierarchy
problem. As a result, TŌłŚis thus the TeV scale suppressed by some additional parametric
factors. For TŌłŚbelow the EW scale, the radion PT triggers EW symmetry breaking, with
intriguing implications for EW baryogenesis and LISA.
The study of these scenarios is connected to Composite Higgs (CH) models discussed
in the next section.
Actually, if the conjectured AdS/CFT duality could be extended to
any warped scenario, the di’¼Ćerentiation between RandallŌĆōSundrum and CH models would
be arti’¼ücial. The radion PT could be studied in the 4D language and determined as the
decon’¼ünement/con’¼ünement PT driven by the dilaton, the Goldstone boson of the conformal
invariance of the 4D theory.
As such, the radion is lighter than the other KaluzaŌĆōKlein
resonances and it is a justi’¼üed approximation to neglect the e’¼Ćects of the latter in the zero-
temperature 4D e’¼Ćective scalar potential.
The scalar potential of the radion exhibits two generic key features: it is very shallow
due to near-conformal invariance, and the sizeable thermal barrier due to the large number
of CFT degrees of freedom becoming massive during the con’¼ünement PT leads to signi’¼ücant
supercooling and may even prevent the PT. These features are tightly connected, as observed
in [28ŌĆō35,39]: both can be relaxed by modulating the backreaction on the AdS metric induced
by the conformality-breaking terms localized on the TeV brane. As a consequence, the PT
parameters can take on a wide range of values. In particular, unless inducing extremely small
or large backreactions on the metric, the hierarchy Tn Ōē¬Tc arises, with Tc near the TeV scale
and Tn some orders of magnitude below Tc.
One may wonder whether the TeV-brane terms breaking conformality are necessary to
guarantee the occurrence of the PT. As recently noticed in [36], such terms are not required.
In all Randall-Sundrum models where the SM gauge ’¼üelds, in particular the SU(3) gauge
bosons, live in the bulk, the running of the QCD coupling is a function of the 5D radius. The
QCD scale is therefore a function of the VEV of the radion. These e’¼Ćects, which had been
ignored in the previous literature, necessarily in’¼éuence the radion potential and contribute to
remove most of the thermal barrier at temperatures close to the QCD scale. The net result is
that if the Universe is trapped in the conformal minimum, at some point the temperature of
the (expanding) Universe reaches that of the QCD PT, the above e’¼Ćect becomes sizeable and
the radion is released from the false minimum. It follows that the parameter region leading to
a strong radion PT is far larger than that obtained by overlooking the e’¼Ćects of the radion on
the QCD scale. In particular, the previously overlooked region of parameter space naturally
exhibits a radion PT that is extremely supercooled (Tn Ōł╝╬øQCD Ōē¬Tc) and extraordinary
strong [36]. In this framework, the EWPT is naturally induced by QCD con’¼ünement and
provides a compelling target for LISA.
The preceding discussion suggests whether or not terms breaking conformality on the
38

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 8: Detection prospects for some illustrative benchmark points that arise in Randall-Sundrum
models. The temperature TŌłŚis rounded to 500 GeV and gŌłŚmatched the SM value. We set vw = 0.95.
Note that the numerical simulations of sound wave production have never been tested for the huge
values of ╬▒ which occur in CH models.
Here we present the result of a naive extrapolation of
simulation results to huge ╬▒ values, but it should be kept in mind that there are large uncertainties
for the modelling of the GW power spectrum and that the formalism used to estimate the GW
spectrum may no longer apply in that supercooled regime.
TeV brane are present (i.e. whether Tn Ōł╝╬øQCD or Tn Ōē½╬øQCD) has an important impact
on the corresponding phenomenological predictions. In particular, the temperature at which
the PT occurs, be it near the QCD-, EW-, or TeV-scale, can have signi’¼ücant implications
for e.g. baryogenesis or entropy conservation in the early Universe 26.
However, di’¼Ćerent
nucleation temperatures do not lead to sizable di’¼Ćerences in the GW predictions relevant for
LISA, since the stochastic GW background signal is sensitive to TŌłŚand not to Tn. Warped
models, with or without the conformality-breaking TeV-brane terms, all lead to a powerful
GW signal with a similar spectrum and peak frequency. We can therefore take the benchmark
points quoted in Table 1 of [39] and consider them as representative of a wide range of
warped setups. Their detection prospects are displayed in Fig. 8, where the GW predictions
derived from the simulations at ╬▒ Ōē▓1 (see Sec. 3) have been extrapolated well beyond their
regime of validity. However, the qualitative outcome of the ’¼ügure is likely independent of the
SNR uncertainties, and all benchmark points are expected to lie within the LISA sensitivity
region 27.
26For instance, if the EWPT occurs at QCD temperatures, cold EW baryogenesis can be realized with the
CP violation sourced by the QCD axion [171]. A QCD-scale EWPT also impacts the predictions for the QCD
axion relic abundance [40,171].
27For LISA, the result is even more promising than the one obtained in [39,172] due to the updated LISA
sensitivity curve and stochastic GW background predictions that we consider here.
39

---PAGE BREAK---
6.6
Composite Higgs models and con’¼üning phase transitions
Another class of models giving rise to signals at LISA with non-polynomial potentials are CH
scenarios. CH models provide an alternative to SUSY for solving the hierarchy problem and
are prime targets for LHC searches (see [173] for a review). In this context, the Higgs is a
pseudo-Nambu Goldstone Boson (pNGB) arising from the global symmetry breaking pattern
G ŌåÆH in a new strongly coupled sector, characterised by the coupling eg and the con’¼ünement
scale f, whose currently preferred value is f Ōēā0.8 TeV [174]. To ensure a custodial sym-
metry that suppresses oblique corrections to EW precision tests, the minimal possible coset
is SO(5)/SO(4). Larger groups are also viable, such as SO(6)/SO(5) or SO(7)/SO(6), in
which case the Higgs is accompanied by other light pNGBs, in particular SM singlets. Light
scalars in addition to the Higgs are therefore natural in these constructions.
The Higgs potential is generated from the explicit breaking of the global symmetry G by an
elementary sector and communicated to the composite sector from which the Higgs originates
through elementary/composite interactions. The scalar potential arises at one-loop, mainly
from fermionic loops. Due to the pNGB nature of the Higgs, the potential is a trigonometric
function of the ratio h/f, with the generic form for the minimal CH scenario given by [173]
V [h] Ōł╝f 4 
╬▒ sin2(h/f) + ╬▓ sin4(h/f)

.
(41)
Imposing the correct EW symmetry breaking scale h = v and Higgs mass leads to
╬▒ = ŌłÆ2╬▓ sin2(v/f) ,
m2
h Ōēł8f 2 sin2(v/f) ╬▓ ,
(42)
meaning that |╬▒/╬▓| = 2 sin2(v/f). This quantity needs to be small since EW precision tests
and Higgs coupling measurements constrain sin2(v/f) Ōē▓0.1 ŌłÆ0.2 [174]. Therefore, contrary
to the generic expectation ╬▒ Ōē│╬▓ [175], ╬▒ has to be suppressed with respect to ╬▓, which
requires an accidental cancellation. This is the irreducible tuning of CH models [176].
The EWPT in CH models has primarily been studied by following an EFT approach
[161, 162, 177], by expanding (41) in h/f up to dimension-six operators. In this case, it is
found that a ’¼ürst-order EWPT su’¼āciently strong for EW baryogenesis can occur provided
than f is below Ōł╝1 TeV, as discussed in Sec. 6.4 of this report. The accuracy of an EFT
approach to the study of the EWPT in such scenarios is therefore limited. More recently,
the EWPT in some speci’¼üc CH realisations has been investigated. In CH models, since the
Higgs arises only when a non-zero condensate Žć forms, the con’¼ünement PT and the EWPT
are naturally linked. Nevertheless, until recently, past studies considered them separately,
focusing either on the con’¼ünement PT, described by the dynamics of a dilaton/radion and
relying on a 5D description [28ŌĆō36,39] as discussed in the previous subsection, or assumed that
the EWPT takes place after the con’¼ünement of the strongly-coupled sector [69,162,177,178].
The con’¼ünement PT is generically very strong, and is known to produce very large GW
signals [29,32,39]. To study the EWPT in CH, there are therefore two approaches:
ŌĆó Assume that the con’¼ünement PT happened well before the EWPT and study the two
PTs independently. In this case, EW baryogenesis and GW production can occur by
40

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 9: Sketch of the di’¼Ćerent possible PT trajectories in CH models.
The ’¼üeld Žć sets the
magnitude of the strong sector condensate (corresponding to f today) and h is the Higgs VEV. The
blue points correspond to (meta)stable vacua of the theory, and the black lines show possible PT
trajectories. Path (1) would correspond to the case where the reheat temperature after the new
strongly-coupled sector con’¼ünes is above the EWPT temperature. The EWPT then happens as in
the standard case, after and independently of the strongly-coupled sector. In the other cases (2)
and (3), the reheat temperature is low enough so that EW symmetry is broken at the same time
as the strong-sector. While some early papers have implicitly assumed a path of the type (2) in
RandallŌĆōSundrum models, the calculation of the actual trajectory has been done only recently in
[37,38] and follows (3). Figure taken from [38].
invoking a non-minimal CH setup featuring an extra singlet [69, 178].
This case is
schematically displayed as (1) in Fig. 9.
ŌĆó Consider the light dilaton/radion window, in which case the con’¼ünement and EW PTs
can occur simultaneously. In this case, the EWPT is automatically strongly ’¼ürst-order,
and this scenario also features CP-violation from varying Yukawa couplings during the
EWPT, allowing for viable EW baryogenesis even in minimal CH scenarios [37, 38].
This case is schematically represented by paths (2) and (3) in Fig. 9.
We brie’¼éy discuss these two cases below in the context of LISA.
6.6.1
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT from an extra singlet in non-minimal cosets
In both the SO(6)/SO(5) [178,179] and SO(7)/SO(6) [69] CH models, the EWPT proceeds
mainly in two steps, because the new singlet S is mostly pseudoscalar and consequently
S ŌåÆŌłÆS is an approximate accidental symmetry of the potential.
The dynamics of the
EWPT is therefore well captured by the simpli’¼üed model of Sec. 6.1. The main di’¼Ćerences
with respect to the generic extra singlet case are:
41

---PAGE BREAK---
1
2
5
10
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
4
6
8
10
12
14
2.7
3.0
3.4
4.0
b
a
h/T
N
mŽć (TeV)
m*
(TeV)
Figure 10: PT strength (h/T) contours (dashed lines) in CH models for which the EWPT and the
con’¼ünement PT occur simultaneously, for a meson-like dilaton. Figure taken from [37]. In the red
dashed region, no viable EW minimum can be found or the Higgs-dilaton mixing leads excessively
large deviations in the Higgs couplings. In the blue region, the baryon asymmetry is washed out
after reheating. The baryon asymmetry for benchmark point a (b) is |╬ĘB| ├Ś 1010 Ōł╝5ŌĆō5.5 (4ŌĆō4.5).
(i) In CH scenarios, not all values of a2 and b4 are equally likely. Considering explicit mod-
els, [69,180] showed that the most common values are in the range Ōł╝0.1ŌĆō0.5. This result
can be roughly understood from a term in the scalar potential [eg2(Ncyt)╬┤/(4ŽĆ)2]S2|H|2.
Indeed, a2 Ōł╝3eg2/(4ŽĆ)2╬┤ Ōē│0.2 for eg Ōē│3; the same reasoning applies for b4. Therefore,
according to the results discussed in Sec. 6.1, only small S masses are expected to trigger
a strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT.
(ii) Contrary to the elementary singlet model, in CH scenarios the presence of heavier
fermionic resonances of mass mŌłŚŌł╝egf is unavoidable. This opens a complementary
probe of these models in addition to GWs. Current direct searches exclude mŌłŚ< 1ŌĆō1.4
TeV, depending on the ’¼ünal state [181]. Moreover, estimations of eg and f based on
actual observables rather than on ’¼üne-tuning arguments (e.g. in CH models with DM)
hint to mŌłŚŌē│2 TeV. Such values are likely out of the LHC reach, but accessible at
future hadron colliders [180].
The interactions between the new singlet and the SM fermions induce new sources of CP
violation for EW baryogenesis which are constrained by EDMs (generated at two loops) and,
to a lesser extent, from LEP data. They are phenomenologically viable provided that the
new singlet is close enough in mass to the Higgs boson [178]. In summary, however, the
prospects for exploring this class of CH models at LISA are essentially those of the singlet
model, discussed in Sec. 6.1.
42

---PAGE BREAK---
10
1000
1000000
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
4
6
8
10
12
14
2.7
3.0
3.4
4.0
╬▒
N
mŽć (TeV)
m*
(TeV)
60
100
200
200
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
4
6
8
10
12
14
2.7
3.0
3.4
4.0
╬▓
H
N
mŽć (TeV)
m*
(TeV)
3
10
100
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
4
6
8
10
12
14
2.7
3.0
3.4
4.0
Tc
Tn
N
mŽć (TeV)
m*
(TeV)
Figure 11:
PT parameters relevant for LISA in CH models with Higgs-dilaton interlinked
dynamics. LEFT: Contours of ╬▒. CENTER: Contours of ╬▓/H. RIGHT: Ratio of the critical
temperature to the nucleation temperature, for a glueball dilaton (’¼ügure taken from [38]).
6.6.2
A strong ’¼ürst-order EWPT from Higgs-dilaton interlinked dynamics
CH scenarios do not need to feature an additional singlet to give rise to signals at LISA.
Instead, one can assume that the strongly-coupled sector is nearly conformal above the TeV
scale as motivated by ’¼éavour physics [182]. Con’¼ünement is then associated with the spon-
taneous breaking of conformal invariance. This gives rise to a pNGB, the dilaton, which we
denote as Žć. When the explicit breaking of conformal invariance is su’¼āciently small, the
dilaton can be signi’¼ücantly lighter than the con’¼ünement scale, and this justi’¼ües studying the
dynamics of Žć and h together. This can be done by using a large N expansion of the un-
derlying strongly-coupled gauge theory where N represents the number of colors. Below the
scale of the heavy resonances mŌłŚŌł╝egf, the PTs can be studied as a function of two main
parameters: N and mŽć. As shown in Fig. 10, h/T can be signi’¼ücantly larger than 1 in a large
region of parameter space as the strength of the EWPT is inherited from the supercooled
dynamics of the dilaton. Additionally, it can be shown that the Yukawa couplings vary across
the bubble wall, providing su’¼ācient CP-violation for EW baryogenesis [37,38]. If the dilaton
is light enough, the reheat temperature can still be below the EW scale, such that the baryon
asymmetry is not washed out.
The key point that distinguishes these models from typical EWPT scenarios is the fact that
a large number of degrees of freedom become massive during the con’¼ünement PT. This pro-
duces a large thermal barrier in the one-loop e’¼Ćective potential when the tree-level potential
is very shallow, making the PT naturally very supercooled [33]. In most of the corresponding
region of parameter space, the values of ╬▒ are very large and ╬▓/H can be quite small. This
is illustrated in Fig. 11 corresponding to the case of a glueball-dilaton, for which ╬▒ can be as
large as 106. Note that these results can be easily generalised to con’¼üning phase transitions
not necessarily linked to the Higgs, leading to strong signals of GW at higher frequencies. We
also stress that the bubble wall velocity has never been computed in this setup nor in its 5D
dual. On the one hand, we expect it to be large due to the substantial supercooling. On the
other hand, we also expect signi’¼ücant friction e’¼Ćects due to the large number of degrees of
43

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 12: SNR for speci’¼üc benchmark points of CH models. The value of gŌłŚis as in the SM while
TŌłŚŌł╝150 GeV. We set vw = 0.95. Note that the numerical simulations of sound wave production
have never been tested for the huge values of ╬▒ which occur in CH models. Here we present the result
of a naive extrapolation of simulation results to huge ╬▒ values, but it should be kept in mind that
there are large uncertainties for the modelling of the GW power spectrum and that the formalism
used to estimate the GW spectrum may no longer apply in that supercooled regime.
freedom acquiring a mass via strong coupling to the dilaton. The typical magnitude of the
bubble wall velocity therefore remains an open question in these scenarios.
In summary, CH models generically predict a strong PT at the TeV scale from con’¼ünement,
leading to large GW signals at LISA (see Fig. 12). In the light dilaton regime, the con’¼ünement
PT and the EWPT happen simultaneously, a scenario which opens new opportunities for
baryogenesis and is testable at the LHC by searching for the light dilaton and also in electron
EDM experiments. Non-minimal CH models predict light singlet scalars playing a role in
baryogenesis with additional signatures at the LHC or EDM experiments.
This section ends our overview of PTs tied to the EW scale. There is one qualitatively
di’¼Ćerent scenario which we have not discussed, and concerns the non-trivial possibility that
the EWPT occurs at a temperature signi’¼ücantly higher than the typical Ōł╝160 GeV via
a high-temperature symmetry non-restoration e’¼Ćect: the Higgs, through the coupling to
other scalar ’¼üelds, gains a negative thermal mass squared and hence a VEV proportional to
the temperature. This possibility has been discussed recently in [183ŌĆō185]. The GW peak
frequency associated with the EWPT would thus be shifted to frequencies higher than usual.
Speci’¼üc UV completions and their implications for GW signals still remain to be investigated
in this context.
44

---PAGE BREAK---
6.7
First order PTs in a dark sector
LISA can also probe sectors of new physics not tied to the EW scale. More than 95% of the
energy density in our Universe today is invisible, in the form of DM and dark energy. It is
therefore quite plausible that a dark or hidden sector exists which today is fully decoupled
from the SM, and which might explain either or both phenomena. Hidden sectors are also
ubiquitous in UV complete theories of quantum gravity such as string theory. Here we take
a more pragmatic approach, and include in our de’¼ünition of ŌĆ£dark sectorsŌĆØ all theories that
are su’¼āciently weakly coupled to the SM such that they remain undetected experimentally
and leave the EWPT largely una’¼Ćected. A cosmological PT in such a hidden sector can in
principle occur at any temperature, independent of the weak scale, i.e. the peak of the GW
signal can be shifted almost arbitrarily (we will revisit this statement below).
The possibility of detecting GWs from a PT in a dark sector was explored in [186] in models
of composite dark sectors, and further explored in a variety of other DM scenarios in [69,187ŌĆō
198]. While of course any hidden sector could be engineered to feature a cosmological PT,
scenarios in which the PT serves a speci’¼üc purpose can yield speci’¼üc predictions for GW
signals at LISA. Examples include models where the baryon asymmetry is generated by a
PT in the dark sector [189], scenarios with spontaneous breaking of a gauge symmetry that
guarantees DM stability [195,196], scenarios where the PT is crucial for obtaining the correct
relic abundance [199,200], or models explaining ’¼éavour hierarchies [201]. Another interesting
opportunity that arises in this context is the study of anisotropies in the stochastic GW
background that could be detectable for the strongest PTs [202].
If the stochastic GW
background remains the only observable signal from the dark sector, it would furthermore
be important to understand which of its properties can be inferred from the amplitude and
shape of the signal in the future, which was explored for example in [194].
While LISA is most sensitive in the frequency range corresponding to weak- to TeV-scale
PTs, a su’¼āciently strong signal can be detected for a large range of PT temperatures. In
Fig. 13 we show the regions detectable by LISA with an SNR Ōēź10. Very strong signals arising
from PTs occurring at temperatures from below the GeV scale up to the PeV scale (106 GeV)
are detectable, with the highest sensitivity is to PTs around the weak scale, as expected.
Shown in Fig. 13 are the predicted sensitivity considering only the envelope approximation,
assuming that the PT exhibits runaway behaviour in the dark sector (red region) and the case
of a very strong transition in a plasma (╬▒ = 0.1, vw = 1) with sound waves dominating the
GW spectrum. Before discussing some concrete examples of models that fall in the detectable
region, a few subtleties regarding PTs in the hidden sector should be noted.
6.7.1
Subtleties with dark sector PTs
Fig. 13 includes the implicit assumption that the temperature of the hidden sector at the time
of the PT is equal to that of the SM photons. While this is a reasonable assumption for most
BSM scenarios, the dark sector might instead be thermally decoupled from the SM at the
time of the PT. The ratio of temperatures rT = Tdark/T╬│, evaluated at Tdark = TŌłŚ, could in
45

---PAGE BREAK---
102
1
10-2
106
104
102
1
10
103
104
105
T* [GeV]
╬▓/H
Figure 13: Sensitivity of LISA to PTs in a dark sector. Shown are regions with an SNR Ōēź10 in the
TŌłŚŌĆō╬▓/HŌłŚplane, assuming runaway vacuum bubbles (red, foreground) or sound wave contributions
only (blue, background) with ╬▒ = 0.1, and vw = 1 in both cases. Black dots show the location of
the benchmark points. Note that in this ’¼ügure slightly di’¼Ćerent LISA sensitivities were used.
principle take any value and is in general not conserved throughout the cosmic history. The
e’¼Ćect of rT ╠Ė= 1 on the amplitude and frequency of the GW signal is somewhat subtle and
was discussed for the ’¼ürst time in [197] (see also [198]). Here we summarise the main results.
Obviously in the limit rT ŌåÆ0 the energy density in the dark sector is negligible and thus
no observable signal can be produced. In the limit of rT Ōēż1 and for hidden sectors a small
number of new particles, one ’¼ünds [197]
╬▒ = ╬▒0r4
T ,
(43)
╬▓/HŌłŚ= (╬▓/HŌłŚ)0 ,
(44)
where ╬▒0 and ╬▓0 are the values of ╬▒ and ╬▓ for rT = 1. The energy budget ╬▒ scales with the
energy density in the hidden sector, as one would expect. Note that while both ╬▓ and HŌłŚ
depend on rT, this dependence drops out of their ratio, i.e. the duration of the PT relative to
the age of the Universe at the time of the transition remains unchanged. Overall this results
in a strong suppression of the potential GW signal from a cold dark sector. These are only
the leading e’¼Ćects: further e’¼Ćects, such as a typically small amount of additional redshifting,
are discussed in [197] .
Another source of uncertainty in predicting GW signals from dark sectors is the applicabil-
ity of the sound wave and turbulence simulations of the GW signal to decoupled dark sectors.
In this case, no turbulence or sound waves can be induced in the SM plasma, and it is unclear
whether existing results can easily be applied to disturbances in the dark sector plasma after
the PT (if a plasma exists at all). This is why in Fig. 13 we separately show the scalar ’¼üeld
and sound wave contributions to the GW spectrum. Depending on the concrete nature of
the hidden sector, one or the other should be closer to the truth. In practice even a small
46

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 14: SNR plots for the data of [197]. LEFT: Benchmark points for a model with a spon-
taneously broken U(1) gauge symmetry in a hidden sector. RIGHT: Results for a model with two
gauge singlet scalars in a hidden sector. The expected LISA sensitivities correspond to TŌłŚ= 50 GeV
for the dark photon model and to TŌłŚ= 100 GeV for the scalar dark sector. In all cases we take
vw = 1. See text for further details.
coupling between the dark and visible sectors is su’¼ācient to maintain thermal equilibrium
between the two sectors. Therefore if rT = 1 one can trust the existing simulations with the
same level of con’¼üdence as for most other BSM scenarios considered here.
As a concrete application, in [197] two of the simplest hidden sector models featuring a
’¼ürst-order PT were studied, namely a dark photon that receives its mass from spontaneous
symmetry breaking, and a simple model of two real singlet scalars. These models are mini-
mal in terms of particle content, while other models often require either higher-dimensional
operators or additional ’¼üelds in order to exhibit a ’¼ürst order PT. In Fig. 14 the transition
parameters ╬▒ and ╬▓ are shown for a random scan of model parameters. The expected SNR of
LISA is evaluated for Tn = 50 GeV (dark photon) and Tn = 100 GeV (two singlet model). In
total, 1000 points for which the transition is ’¼ürst order were scanned, of which at most 5% are
detectable. On the other hand a few points reach very high SNR values, which is somewhat
uncommon for renormalisable and perturbative models. The temperature ratio in Fig. 14 is
set to rT = 1, and the sensitivity for other values of rT can easily be obtained using (43)-(44).
6.7.2
DM and collider connection
If the dark sector features a thermal DM candidate, it is safe to assume that both sectors were
in equilibrium for most of the cosmic history. Furthermore, the WIMP miracle motivates DM
masses, and therefore the scale of potentially relevant PTs, around the TeV scale, i.e. within
the sensitivity range of LISA and, potentially, other present-day terrestrial experiments. It
is therefore interesting to explore the complementarity with direct detection and collider
experiments in searching for those models. We will here focus on one example where DM
47

---PAGE BREAK---
0
200
400
600
800
1000
mŽå [GeV]
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
mZŌĆ▓ [TeV]
Ō¤©ŽåŌ¤®0 = 0
cross-over
0
200
400
600
800
1000
mŽå [GeV]
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
mZŌĆ▓ [TeV]
Ō¤©ŽåŌ¤®0 = 0
cross-over
sin ╬ĖDM = 0.015
sin ╬ĖDM = 0.02
sin ╬ĖDM = 0.022
sin ╬ĖDM = 0.024
Figure 15: Reach of LISA for gauged lepton number DM model (red shaded region), from [196].
LEFT: Results for a pure abelian Higgs model with v╬” = 2 TeV. RIGHT: The Yukawa couplings are
chosen such that the correct DM abundance is obtained. The region below the horizontal dashed
lines will be probed by Xenon1T, for the indicated value of the DM mixing angle. Notice that in
this ’¼ügure slightly di’¼Ćerent LISA sensitivities were used. For more details, see [196].
arises in a model of gauged lepton number, and where the lepton number breaking PT is the
source of the GWs [196,203]. Similar studies appeared recently in [69,195].
The model features an additional U(1)L gauge symmetry under which all SM leptons
carry unit charge. Additional leptons which are vector-like with respect to SM interactions,
and which become massive after U(1)L is spontaneously broken by a VEV of a complex
scalar ╬”, have to be introduced to cancel anomalies. The lightest new neutrino becomes the
DM candidate, stabilised by a residual global symmetry that remains after gauge symmetry
breaking. LEP data constrains the L-symmetry breaking scale v╬” to be above 2 TeV, putting
the PT within reach of LISA.
In the simplest case, the e’¼Ćects of the Yukawa couplings of ╬” to the new leptons can be
neglected, and the PT depends on only three parameters, which can be taken to be v╬” and
the masses of the U(1)L gauge boson ZL and the real scalar Žå. A PT su’¼āciently strong so
as to be detectable by LISA requires a sizeable hierarchy of masses mZL/mŽå Ōēł4 ŌłÆ10, with
mZL typically above a TeV, as can be seen in Fig. 15. Such a heavy leptophilic gauge boson
is di’¼ācult to detect at the LHC, but is certainly within reach of a high energy lepton collider
such as CLIC or a future 100 TeV hadron collider like FCC-hh. Detectability of the scalar
depends on its mixing with the SM Higgs, which here is assumed to be small in order to leave
the EWPT una’¼Ćected.
Including the lepton Yukawa couplings, and in particular setting the DM mass such that
it reproduces the correct relic abundance, has an interesting e’¼Ćect on the phenomenological
predictions, namely the region in the mŽåŌĆōmZL plane that can be probed by LISA is increased
48

---PAGE BREAK---
Figure 16: SNR plot for a gauged lepton number DM model. See text for details on the scenarios
A-D. The expected LISA sensitivities correspond to TŌłŚ= 500 GeV and vw = 1.
signi’¼ücantly, as shown in Fig. 15. While searches for leptophilic DM at colliders is notoriously
di’¼ācult, the whole parameter space is in principle detectable by Xenon1T [204] or other future
direct detection experiments. As far as complementarity with LISA is concerned, here the
PT is not essential for producing or setting the DM relic abundance, and as such one cannot
conclusively probe the model with GWs alone. However, one could for example envision a
scenario where ZL is found at a future collider but the corresponding scalar Žå remains elusive.
Observation of a signal in LISA could then point to the correct mass range for the scalar,
and thus aid in its discovery. The SNR values for several benchmark scenarios are shown in
Fig. 16. The di’¼Ćerent scenarios are as follows: for case A, the e’¼Ćects of the fermions in the
model are neglected, while for B and C the fermion masses are ’¼üxed, and in scenario D the
fermion masses are chosen such that the correct DM relic abundance is obtained. LISA can
in principle be sensitive to all of these cases.
7
Conclusions and outlook
In this study, we have re-assessed the prospects for observing gravitational waves (GWs) from
cosmological phase transitions (PTs) at LISA in light of several recent developments. Our
analysis di’¼Ćers in several important ways from that in our previous study [8]:
ŌĆó The scalar ’¼üeld contribution to GW production is now known to be negligible in most
cases of thermal PTs. This impacts the detectability of certain BSM scenarios.
ŌĆó The limited duration of the sound wave source when the timescale for shock formation
is shorter than a Hubble time is accounted for in our updated projections. This reduces
49

---PAGE BREAK---
the strength of the signal in many scenarios relative to the case where Hubble damping
is assumed to cut o’¼Ćthe source.
ŌĆó Our analysis conservatively neglects GW production from turbulent ’¼éow, as current
simulations cannot yet observe the onset of turbulent motion and the contribution from
shocks is subject to quite large uncertainties, especially for large ’¼éuid velocities. Note
that these contributions, once included, will likely improve the detection prospects at
LISA.
ŌĆó We have investigated a wider range of speci’¼üc models, taking into account recent ex-
perimental results and constraints that impact the parameter space relevant for LISA.
As our understanding of GW production at cosmological PTs is rapidly evolving, we have
presented an online tool, PTPlot, to allow the BSM community to accurately determine the
detectability of a given model at LISA under the above assumptions. This tool was developed
by D. Weir and will continue to be updated as new results become available.
In addition to the advancements described above, we have attempted to clarify common
misconceptions in the literature (e.g. the de’¼ünition of ╬▒, the percolation temperature, deter-
mination of ╬▓/HŌłŚ, appearance of runaway bubble walls, etc.) and identify important open
questions relevant for LISA. Our analysis is mostly based on the GW spectrum as observed
in hydrodynamic simulations. These simulations are the state-of-the-art when it comes to
PTs with moderate wall velocities and latent heat. One open question is the form of the GW
spectrum generated at very strong PTs, as well as the impact of turbulence and magnetic
’¼üelds. Furthermore, when it comes to the dynamics of the bubble walls, the wall velocity in
these simulations is determined from a phenomenological friction term. Ab initio calculations
of this friction is in many models still lacking. The stability of the bubble wall front is also
a topic that is debated in the literature [205ŌĆō215]. Additionally, there remain several open
questions regarding perturbative calculations of the PT parameters. Computations of ╬▒, ╬▓,
and Tn relying on the conventional e’¼Ćective potential approach can be subject to large un-
certainties. Nonperturbative results are becoming available for more models, however PTs
strong enough to be detected by LISA remain challenging to reliably simulate on the lattice.
We stress that a large part of our discussions are not tight to the LISA frequency window
and can be readily applied to other frequency bands.
In fact, the strength of the phase
transition does not depend on the energy scale of the PT but only on the shape of the scalar
potential. Instead of the Higgs ’¼üeld, one could consider other scalar ’¼üelds responsible for
symmetry breaking at higher energies. In particular, the strong signals predicted for instance
from nearly-conformal potentials can be readily applied to higher energy scales and therefore
translated to higher frequencies, as to be detectable at either LIGO or at future ground-based
observatories Einstein Telescope and Cosmic Explorer.
In light of these developments and uncertainties, we have argued that LISA remains a
powerful tool for exploring BSM scenarios predicting ’¼ürst-order cosmological PTs. The models
we have considered are motivated by various compelling arguments (e.g. the existence of
50

---PAGE BREAK---
dark matter, the hierarchy problem) and represent only a fraction of scenarios that can be
probed by LISA. We have found that in some cases, LISA will be able to explore parameter
space also accessible by future experiments, such as the high-luminosity LHC or dark matter
searches, allowing for an exciting chance of simultaneous discovery at multiple experiments.
In other models, LISA is likely to provide the most sensitive probe. Our results emphasize
LISAŌĆÖs importance for exploring the early Universe and BSM physics, as well as the MissionŌĆÖs
complementarity with other experimental e’¼Ćorts.
Acknowledgements
MC was funded by the Royal Society under the Newton International Fellowship program.
GD would like to thank CNPq (Brazil) for ’¼ünancial support. MH was supported by the Sci-
ence and Technology Facilities Council (grant number ST/P000819/1), and the Academy of
Finland (grant number 286769). SJH was supported by the Science and Technology Facilities
Council (grant number ST/P000819/1). The work of JK was supported by Department of
Energy (DOE) grant DE-SC0019195 and NSF grant PHY-1719642. TK and GS are funded
by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft under GermanyŌĆśs Excellence Strategy ŌĆō EXC 2121
ŌĆØQuantum UniverseŌĆØ ŌĆō 390833306. JMN is supported by Ram┬┤on y Cajal Fellowship con-
tract RYC-2017-22986, and also acknowledges support from the Spanish MINECOŌĆÖs ŌĆ£Centro
de Excelencia Severo OchoaŌĆØ Programme under grant SEV-2016-0597, from the European
UnionŌĆÖs Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under the Marie Sklodowska-Curie
grant agreements 690575 (RISE InvisiblesPlus) and 674896 (ITN ELUSIVES) and from the
Spanish Proyectos de I+D de Generaci┬┤on de Conocimiento via grant PGC2018-096646-A-I00.
KR is funded by the Academy of Finland grants 308791, 319066 and 320123. PS is supported
by the Cluster of Excellence ŌĆ£Precision Physics, Fundamental Interactions, and Structure of
MatterŌĆØ (PRISMA+ EXC 2118/1) funded by the German Research Foundation(DFG). PS
would like to thank Moritz Breitbach and Eric Madge for providing the data for Figures (14),
(15) and (16), and Eric Madge for checking the ptplot code. DJW (ORCID ID 0000-0001-
6986-0517) was supported by an Science and Technology Facilities Council Ernest Rutherford
Fellowship, grant no. ST/R003904/1, by the Research Funds of the University of Helsinki,
and by the Academy of Finland, grant nos. 286769, 324882 and 328958.
A
Phase transition parameters from the lattice
In this appendix, we discuss nonperturbative determinations of the PT parameters relevant
for LISA. As mentioned in the main text, the starting point for nonperturbative studies of
a ’¼ünite temperature PT is dimensional reduction, in which a 4D theory is matched onto a
corresponding 3D theory. This matching can be done perturbatively and has been performed
at one to two loop accuracy in the SM and several other models to date [66,90,117,119ŌĆō121,
158,216,217]. In this procedure, a choice of 3D theory must also be made, specifying which
51

---PAGE BREAK---
degrees of freedom should be integrated out, and which ’¼üeld operators should be included.
Once a model is dimensionally reduced, it can be studied either in 3D perturbation theory
or, more accurately, on the lattice.
The latter constitutes a completely non-perturbative
approach, and allows a detailed (in principle exact) investigation of the phase diagram of the
DR theory. This procedure involves the ŌĆ£constrainedŌĆØ e’¼Ćective action
eŌłÆ╬ō[{ ┬»
Oi}] =
Z
D{╬”i}eŌłÆS3[{Žåi}]╬┤({Oi ŌłÆ┬»Oi}),
(45)
where O({Žåi}) are now certain gauge-invariant operators used as approximate order param-
eters of the transition (O = ŽåŌĆĀŽå, . . . ).
The method allows us to compute the PT order
and strength, the critical and nucleation temperatures28 (Hn), latent heat (╬▒) and bubble
nucleation rate (╬▓). Once the phase diagram for a given 3D e’¼Ćective model has been deter-
mined, di’¼Ćerent 4D models may be mapped onto it, allowing us to extract non-perturbative
information about 4D PTs in a wide class of models from simulations of the same 3D theory.
The EWPT in the SM was ’¼ürst studied using these methods a few decades ago. For the
SM, the 3D action is
S3 =
Z
d3x
1
2Tr WrsW rs + (DrŽå)ŌĆĀDrŽå + m2
3ŽåŌĆĀŽå + ╬╗3(ŽåŌĆĀŽå)2

(46)
(here Wrs is the 3D SU(2) gauge ’¼üeld strength and the ŌĆ£3ŌĆØ subscripts refer to 3D quantities).
Through the matching procedure, the parameters g3 (in the covariant derivative), ╬╗3 and m3
can be expressed as functions of the 4D parameters and T. The e’¼Ćective action in (46) ne-
glects higher-dimensional operators, such as (ŽåŌĆĀŽå)3, introduced by the dimensional reduction
because in the SM their e’¼Ćects are small [217]. De’¼üning x = ╬╗3/g2
3 and y = m2
3/g4
3, lattice
studies have shown that the 3D theory (46) features a ’¼ürst order PT for y Ōēā0, 0 < x < 0.11,
while it predicts an equilibrium cross-over elsewhere (y Ōēā0, x > 0.11.) [2]. In addition to
the equilibrium properties of the PT (such as ╬▒ and Tc), it is also possible to compute the
nucleation rate non-perturbatively in a 3D DR theory. This was done some time ago for the
SM with an unphysically light Higgs mass [218] and for the cubic anisotropy model (similar
to a 2-scalar ’¼üeld model) [219].
For the observed value of the Higgs mass, x > 0.11 in the SM and the methods described
above predict a smooth cross-over. However, in certain regions of parameter space, scenarios
beyond the SM can be matched on to the 3D e’¼Ćective theory described by (46). One can
thereby extract information about the phase structure in BSM theories from existing SM
lattice studies. In order for (46) to be an accurate description of the long distance physics,
the new degrees of freedom introduced in the model should be heavy at the PT (so that
they can be integrated out), new contributions to higher-dimensionalal operators induced by
28Note that strictly speaking, existing lattice studies provide values of the nucleation temperature [218],
not the transition temperature re’¼éected in (5). However, for PTs that have been studied nonperturbatively
to date, these temperatures are not expected to di’¼Ćer signi’¼ücantly. Therefore, in discussing nonperturbative
results throughout our study, we do not distinguish between Tn and TŌłŚ.
52

---PAGE BREAK---
integrating out the new ’¼üelds should be small enough to neglect, and couplings should be
small enough so that the perturbative matching procedure of DR accurately described the
underlying theory. This matching onto the theory described by (46) has been performed for
the singlet, doublet and triplet models (discussed further below) and existing lattice results
used to study the phase structure in certain regions of parameter space. In each case, these
studies [90,91,118ŌĆō120] have found phenomenologically viable regions of the parameter space
predicting a ’¼ürst-order PT.
The 3D theory described by (46) can only go so far in describing BSM scenarios. As
emphasized in e.g. [91,120], requiring higher-dimensional operator e’¼Ćects to be small and new
light ’¼üelds to not play a dynamical role at the PT limits the parameter space in extensions of
the SM that can be accurately studied by (46). In fact, [91] recently argued that any model
mapping on to the 3D description of (46) and for which higher-dimensional operators can be
safely neglected results in PTs that are too weak to yield detectable GW signals at current and
planned GW experiments. Instead, nonperturbative predictions for LISA require simulations
of models involving either additional light dynamical ’¼üelds or sizable modi’¼ücations of (46)
from higher-dimensional operators.
To date very few 3D theories besides (46) have been studied nonperturbatively. Examples
include the 2HDM, which introduces an additional SU(2) Higgs doublet ’¼üeld to (46), and the
MSSM, for which the 3D theory includes two SU(2) Higgs doublets and one SU(3) triplet,
corresponding to the right-handed stop ’¼üeld. In the 2HDM, [67] con’¼ürmed that there are
phenomenologically viable parameter space points predicting a relatively strong ’¼ürst-order
PT. The parameters considered in the latest non-perturbative MSSM study [121] also yielded
a strong ’¼ürst order PT, somewhat stronger than that indicated by a two-loop perturbative
analysis, however, the parameters considered in [121] are already excluded by experimental
data.
Currently, no existing nonperturbative studies consider PTs strong enough to predict an
observable signal at LISA. Virtually all BSM studies relevant for LISA have instead used the
conventional 4D perturbative approach, which can yield signi’¼ücant inaccuracies in the pre-
dicted PT parameters. For example, the parameter space points in the singlet and doublet
models studied nonperturbatively in [91,120] typically feature factor of 2-3 di’¼Ćerences in the
predicted values of ╬▒ (de’¼üned in terms of latent heat) between the 4D perturbative and 3D
nonperturbative approaches. Some di’¼Ćerences in the predictions stem from the treatment of
IR divergences in the 4D theory and can therefore be cured by a 3D perturbative treatment.
Inaccuracies can also arise from the neglect of higher-dimensional operators in 3D, or from
large couplings limiting the accuracy of the perturbative matching procedure in DR [91]. How-
ever, even predictions from the two-loop dimensionally reduced e’¼Ćective potential of a given
3D theory can di’¼Ćer substantially from the corresponding lattice results. For example, [120]
found a Ōł╝20% discrepancy in the determination of ╬▒ for one of the 2HDM benchmark points
considered, while [91] found a similarly-sized discrepancy in the predicted value of ╬▓/H for a
representative point in the singlet model.
On the one hand, these comparisons suggest that perturbative approaches can give a
53

---PAGE BREAK---
reasonable estimate of the PT parameters (at least at the order-of-magnitude level), which
can in turn be used to roughly determine the prospects for observing GWs in a given model at
LISA. On the other hand, more quantitatively accurate predictions for LISA will in many cases
require new model-speci’¼üc nonperturbative studies. Improving the accuracy of the predicted
GW parameters will be important for constraining models in light of LISA data, and will
become especially crucial for interpreting results if a stochastic GW background consistent
with a cosmological PT is observed.
References
[1] LIGO Scientific, Virgo collaboration, B. P. Abbott et al., Binary Black Hole
Mergers in the ’¼ürst Advanced LIGO Observing Run, Phys. Rev. X6 (2016) 041015,
[1606.04856].
[2] K. Kajantie, M. Laine, K. Rummukainen and M. E. Shaposhnikov, The Electroweak
phase transition: A Nonperturbative analysis, Nucl. Phys. B466 (1996) 189ŌĆō258,
[hep-lat/9510020].
[3] F. Csikor, Z. Fodor and J. Heitger, Endpoint of the hot electroweak phase transition,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 82 (1999) 21ŌĆō24, [hep-ph/9809291].
[4] M. A. Stephanov, QCD phase diagram: An Overview, PoS LAT2006 (2006) 024,
[hep-lat/0701002].
[5] LISA collaboration, H. Audley et al., Laser Interferometer Space Antenna,
1702.00786.
[6] N. Karnesis, M. Lilley and A. Petiteau, Assessing the detectability of a Stochastic
Gravitational Wave Background with LISA, using an excess of power approach, Class.
Quant. Grav. 37 (2020) 215017, [1906.09027].
[7] C. Caprini, D. G. Figueroa, R. Flauger, G. Nardini, M. Peloso, M. Pieroni et al.,
Reconstructing the spectral shape of a stochastic gravitational wave background with
LISA, JCAP 11 (2019) 017, [1906.09244].
[8] C. Caprini et al., Science with the space-based interferometer eLISA. II: Gravitational
waves from cosmological phase transitions, JCAP 1604 (2016) 001, [1512.06239].
[9] K. Enqvist, J. Ignatius, K. Kajantie and K. Rummukainen, Nucleation and bubble
growth in a ’¼ürst order cosmological electroweak phase transition, Phys. Rev. D45
(1992) 3415ŌĆō3428.
[10] G. D. Moore and T. Prokopec, How fast can the wall move? A Study of the electroweak
phase transition dynamics, Phys. Rev. D52 (1995) 7182ŌĆō7204, [hep-ph/9506475].
54

---PAGE BREAK---
[11] S. J. Huber and T. Konstandin, Production of gravitational waves in the nMSSM,
JCAP 0805 (2008) 017, [0709.2091].
[12] M. E. Carrington and J. I. Kapusta, Dynamics of the electroweak phase transition,
Phys. Rev. D47 (1993) 5304ŌĆō5315.
[13] J. R. Espinosa, T. Konstandin, J. M. No and G. Servant, Energy Budget of
Cosmological First-order Phase Transitions, JCAP 1006 (2010) 028, [1004.4187].
[14] M. S. Turner, E. J. Weinberg and L. M. Widrow, Bubble nucleation in ’¼ürst order
in’¼éation and other cosmological phase transitions, Phys. Rev. D46 (1992) 2384ŌĆō2403.
[15] S. J. Huber, T. Konstandin, T. Prokopec and M. G. Schmidt, Electroweak Phase
Transition and Baryogenesis in the nMSSM, Nucl. Phys. B757 (2006) 172ŌĆō196,
[hep-ph/0606298].
[16] A. Megevand and S. Ramirez, Bubble nucleation and growth in very strong
cosmological phase transitions, Nucl. Phys. B919 (2017) 74ŌĆō109, [1611.05853].
[17] J. Ellis, M. Lewicki and J. M. No, On the Maximal Strength of a First-Order
Electroweak Phase Transition and its Gravitational Wave Signal, JCAP 04 (2019)
003, [1809.08242].
[18] M. Kamionkowski, A. Kosowsky and M. S. Turner, Gravitational radiation from ’¼ürst
order phase transitions, Phys. Rev. D49 (1994) 2837ŌĆō2851, [astro-ph/9310044].
[19] M. Hindmarsh, S. J. Huber, K. Rummukainen and D. J. Weir, Numerical simulations
of acoustically generated gravitational waves at a ’¼ürst order phase transition, Phys.
Rev. D92 (2015) 123009, [1504.03291].
[20] M. Hindmarsh, S. J. Huber, K. Rummukainen and D. J. Weir, Shape of the acoustic
gravitational wave power spectrum from a ’¼ürst order phase transition, Phys. Rev. D96
(2017) 103520, [1704.05871].
[21] L. Leitao and A. Megevand, Hydrodynamics of phase transition fronts and the speed of
sound in the plasma, Nucl. Phys. B891 (2015) 159ŌĆō199, [1410.3875].
[22] G. D. Moore and T. Prokopec, Bubble wall velocity in a ’¼ürst order electroweak phase
transition, Phys. Rev. Lett. 75 (1995) 777ŌĆō780, [hep-ph/9503296].
[23] T. Konstandin, G. Nardini and I. Rues, From Boltzmann equations to steady wall
velocities, JCAP 1409 (2014) 028, [1407.3132].
[24] J. Kozaczuk, Bubble Expansion and the Viability of Singlet-Driven Electroweak
Baryogenesis, JHEP 10 (2015) 135, [1506.04741].
55

---PAGE BREAK---
[25] G. C. Dorsch, S. J. Huber and T. Konstandin, Bubble wall velocities in the Standard
Model and beyond, JCAP 1812 (2018) 034, [1809.04907].
[26] D. Bodeker and G. D. Moore, Electroweak Bubble Wall Speed Limit, JCAP 1705
(2017) 025, [1703.08215].
[27] D. Bodeker and G. D. Moore, Can electroweak bubble walls run away?, JCAP 0905
(2009) 009, [0903.4099].
[28] P. Creminelli, A. Nicolis and R. Rattazzi, Holography and the electroweak phase
transition, JHEP 03 (2002) 051, [hep-th/0107141].
[29] L. Randall and G. Servant, Gravitational waves from warped spacetime, JHEP 05
(2007) 054, [hep-ph/0607158].
[30] G. Nardini, M. Quiros and A. Wulzer, A Con’¼üning Strong First-Order Electroweak
Phase Transition, JHEP 09 (2007) 077, [0706.3388].
[31] B. Hassanain, J. March-Russell and M. Schvellinger, Warped Deformed Throats have
Faster (Electroweak) Phase Transitions, JHEP 10 (2007) 089, [0708.2060].
[32] T. Konstandin, G. Nardini and M. Quiros, Gravitational Backreaction E’¼Ćects on the
Holographic Phase Transition, Phys. Rev. D82 (2010) 083513, [1007.1468].
[33] T. Konstandin and G. Servant, Cosmological Consequences of Nearly Conformal
Dynamics at the TeV scale, JCAP 1112 (2011) 009, [1104.4791].
[34] D. Bunk, J. Hubisz and B. Jain, A Perturbative RS I Cosmological Phase Transition,
Eur. Phys. J. C78 (2018) 78, [1705.00001].
[35] B. M. Dillon, B. K. El-Menou’¼ü, S. J. Huber and J. P. Manuel, Rapid holographic
phase transition with brane-localized curvature, Phys. Rev. D98 (2018) 086005,
[1708.02953].
[36] B. von Harling and G. Servant, QCD-induced Electroweak Phase Transition, JHEP 01
(2018) 159, [1711.11554].
[37] S. Bruggisser, B. Von Harling, O. Matsedonskyi and G. Servant, Baryon Asymmetry
from a Composite Higgs Boson, Phys. Rev. Lett. 121 (2018) 131801, [1803.08546].
[38] S. Bruggisser, B. Von Harling, O. Matsedonskyi and G. Servant, Electroweak Phase
Transition and Baryogenesis in Composite Higgs Models, JHEP 12 (2018) 099,
[1804.07314].
[39] E. Meg┬┤─▒as, G. Nardini and M. Quir┬┤os, Cosmological Phase Transitions in Warped
Space: Gravitational Waves and Collider Signatures, JHEP 09 (2018) 095,
[1806.04877].
56

---PAGE BREAK---
[40] P. Baratella, A. Pomarol and F. Rompineve, The Supercooled Universe, JHEP 03
(2019) 100, [1812.06996].
[41] J. Ellis, M. Lewicki, J. M. No and V. Vaskonen, Gravitational wave energy budget in
strongly supercooled phase transitions, JCAP 1906 (2019) 024, [1903.09642].
[42] Planck collaboration, P. A. R. Ade et al., Planck 2015 results. XIII. Cosmological
parameters, Astron. Astrophys. 594 (2016) A13, [1502.01589].
[43] J. C. Mather, D. J. Fixsen, R. A. Shafer, C. Mosier and D. T. Wilkinson, Calibrator
design for the COBE far infrared absolute spectrophotometer (FIRAS), Astrophys. J.
512 (1999) 511ŌĆō520, [astro-ph/9810373].
[44] A. Kosowsky, M. S. Turner and R. Watkins, Gravitational waves from ’¼ürst order
cosmological phase transitions, Phys. Rev. Lett. 69 (1992) 2026ŌĆō2029.
[45] A. Kosowsky and M. S. Turner, Gravitational radiation from colliding vacuum bubbles:
envelope approximation to many bubble collisions, Phys. Rev. D47 (1993) 4372ŌĆō4391,
[astro-ph/9211004].
[46] D. Cutting, M. Hindmarsh and D. J. Weir, Gravitational waves from vacuum
’¼ürst-order phase transitions: from the envelope to the lattice, Phys. Rev. D97 (2018)
123513, [1802.05712].
[47] C. Caprini, R. Durrer and G. Servant, The stochastic gravitational wave background
from turbulence and magnetic ’¼üelds generated by a ’¼ürst-order phase transition, JCAP
0912 (2009) 024, [0909.0622].
[48] C. Caprini and D. G. Figueroa, Cosmological Backgrounds of Gravitational Waves,
Class. Quant. Grav. 35 (2018) 163001, [1801.04268].
[49] C. Caprini, R. Durrer, T. Konstandin and G. Servant, General Properties of the
Gravitational Wave Spectrum from Phase Transitions, Phys. Rev. D79 (2009) 083519,
[0901.1661].
[50] C. J. Hogan, Gravitational radiation from cosmological phase transitions, Mon. Not.
Roy. Astron. Soc. 218 (1986) 629ŌĆō636.
[51] M. Hindmarsh, S. J. Huber, K. Rummukainen and D. J. Weir, Gravitational waves
from the sound of a ’¼ürst order phase transition, Phys. Rev. Lett. 112 (2014) 041301,
[1304.2433].
[52] L. D. Landau and E. M. Lifshitz, Fluid Mechanics, Second Edition: Volume 6 (Course
of Theoretical Physics). Course of theoretical physics / by L. D. Landau and E. M.
Lifshitz, Vol. 6. Butterworth-Heinemann, 2 ed., Jan., 1987.
57

---PAGE BREAK---
[53] U.-L. Pen and N. Turok, Shocks in the Early Universe, Phys. Rev. Lett. 117 (2016)
131301, [1510.02985].
[54] M. Hindmarsh, Sound shell model for acoustic gravitational wave production at a
’¼ürst-order phase transition in the early Universe, Phys. Rev. Lett. 120 (2018) 071301,
[1608.04735].
[55] D. Cutting, M. Hindmarsh and D. J. Weir, Vorticity, kinetic energy, and suppressed
gravitational wave production in strong ’¼ürst order phase transitions, Phys. Rev. Lett.
125 (2020) 021302, [1906.00480].
[56] P. Davidson, Turbulence: An Introduction for Scientists and Engineers. Oxford
University Press, 2004.
[57] R. H. Kraichnan, Approximations for Steady-State Isotropic Turbulence, The Physics
of Fluids 7 (1964) 1163.
[58] G. Gogoberidze, T. Kahniashvili and A. Kosowsky, The Spectrum of Gravitational
Radiation from Primordial Turbulence, Phys. Rev. D76 (2007) 083002, [0705.1733].
[59] P. Niksa, M. Schlederer and G. Sigl, Gravitational Waves produced by Compressible
MHD Turbulence from Cosmological Phase Transitions, Class. Quant. Grav. 35 (2018)
144001, [1803.02271].
[60] A. Roper Pol, S. Mandal, A. Brandenburg, T. Kahniashvili and A. Kosowsky,
Numerical simulations of gravitational waves from early-universe turbulence, Phys.
Rev. D 102 (2020) 083512, [1903.08585].
[61] J. T. Giblin and J. B. Mertens, Gravitional radiation from ’¼ürst-order phase transitions
in the presence of a ’¼éuid, Phys. Rev. D90 (2014) 023532, [1405.4005].
[62] M. Hindmarsh and M. Hijazi, Gravitational waves from ’¼ürst order cosmological phase
transitions in the Sound Shell Model, JCAP 12 (2019) 062, [1909.10040].
[63] R. Jinno and M. Takimoto, Gravitational waves from bubble dynamics: Beyond the
Envelope, JCAP 1901 (2019) 060, [1707.03111].
[64] T. Konstandin, Gravitational radiation from a bulk ’¼éow model, JCAP 1803 (2018)
047, [1712.06869].
[65] https://www.cosmos.esa.int/web/lisa/lisa-documents.
[66] M. Laine, M. Meyer and G. Nardini, Thermal phase transition with full 2-loop
e’¼Ćective potential, Nucl. Phys. B920 (2017) 565ŌĆō600, [1702.07479].
58

---PAGE BREAK---
[67] K. Kainulainen, V. Keus, L. Niemi, K. Rummukainen, T. V. I. Tenkanen and
V. Vaskonen, On the validity of perturbative studies of the electroweak phase transition
in the Two Higgs Doublet model, JHEP 06 (2019) 075, [1904.01329].
[68] D. Curtin, P. Meade and C.-T. Yu, Testing Electroweak Baryogenesis with Future
Colliders, JHEP 11 (2014) 127, [1409.0005].
[69] M. Chala, G. Nardini and I. Sobolev, Uni’¼üed explanation for dark matter and
electroweak baryogenesis with direct detection and gravitational wave signatures, Phys.
Rev. D94 (2016) 055006, [1605.08663].
[70] P. S. B. Dev, F. Ferrer, Y. Zhang and Y. Zhang, Gravitational Waves from
First-Order Phase Transition in a Simple Axion-Like Particle Model, JCAP 1911
(2019) 006, [1905.00891].
[71] N. Craig, H. K. Lou, M. McCullough and A. Thalapillil, The Higgs Portal Above
Threshold, JHEP 02 (2016) 127, [1412.0258].
[72] D. E. Morrissey and M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, Electroweak baryogenesis, New J. Phys. 14
(2012) 125003, [1206.2942].
[73] F. P. Huang, Z. Qian and M. Zhang, Exploring dynamical CP violation induced
baryogenesis by gravitational waves and colliders, Phys. Rev. D98 (2018) 015014,
[1804.06813].
[74] S. Profumo, M. J. Ramsey-Musolf and G. Shaughnessy, Singlet Higgs phenomenology
and the electroweak phase transition, JHEP 08 (2007) 010, [0705.2425].
[75] J. R. Espinosa, T. Konstandin and F. Riva, Strong Electroweak Phase Transitions in
the Standard Model with a Singlet, Nucl. Phys. B854 (2012) 592ŌĆō630, [1107.5441].
[76] S. Profumo, M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, C. L. Wainwright and P. Winslow,
Singlet-catalyzed electroweak phase transitions and precision Higgs boson studies, Phys.
Rev. D91 (2015) 035018, [1407.5342].
[77] T. Robens and T. Stefaniak, Status of the Higgs Singlet Extension of the Standard
Model after LHC Run 1, Eur. Phys. J. C75 (2015) 104, [1501.02234].
[78] G. Chalons, D. Lopez-Val, T. Robens and T. Stefaniak, The Higgs singlet extension at
LHC Run 2, PoS ICHEP2016 (2016) 1180, [1611.03007].
[79] C.-Y. Chen, J. Kozaczuk and I. M. Lewis, Non-resonant Collider Signatures of a
Singlet-Driven Electroweak Phase Transition, JHEP 08 (2017) 096, [1704.05844].
[80] C. L. Wainwright, CosmoTransitions: Computing Cosmological Phase Transition
Temperatures and Bubble Pro’¼üles with Multiple Fields, Comput. Phys. Commun. 183
(2012) 2006ŌĆō2013, [1109.4189].
59

---PAGE BREAK---
[81] D. Buttazzo, F. Sala and A. Tesi, Singlet-like Higgs bosons at present and future
colliders, JHEP 11 (2015) 158, [1505.05488].
[82] J. M. No and M. Ramsey-Musolf, Probing the Higgs Portal at the LHC Through
Resonant di-Higgs Production, Phys. Rev. D89 (2014) 095031, [1310.6035].
[83] C.-Y. Chen, S. Dawson and I. M. Lewis, Exploring resonant di-Higgs boson production
in the Higgs singlet model, Phys. Rev. D91 (2015) 035015, [1410.5488].
[84] T. Huang, J. M. No, L. Perni┬┤e, M. Ramsey-Musolf, A. Safonov, M. Spannowsky et al.,
Resonant di-Higgs boson production in the b┬»bWW channel: Probing the electroweak
phase transition at the LHC, Phys. Rev. D96 (2017) 035007, [1701.04442].
[85] I. M. Lewis and M. Sullivan, Benchmarks for Double Higgs Production in the Singlet
Extended Standard Model at the LHC, Phys. Rev. D96 (2017) 035037, [1701.08774].
[86] P. Huang, A. J. Long and L.-T. Wang, Probing the Electroweak Phase Transition with
Higgs Factories and Gravitational Waves, Phys. Rev. D94 (2016) 075008,
[1608.06619].
[87] A. Beniwal, M. Lewicki, J. D. Wells, M. White and A. G. Williams, Gravitational
wave, collider and dark matter signals from a scalar singlet electroweak baryogenesis,
JHEP 08 (2017) 108, [1702.06124].
[88] G. Kurup and M. Perelstein, Dynamics of Electroweak Phase Transition In
Singlet-Scalar Extension of the Standard Model, Phys. Rev. D96 (2017) 015036,
[1704.03381].
[89] D. Curtin, P. Meade and H. Ramani, Thermal Resummation and Phase Transitions,
Eur. Phys. J. C78 (2018) 787, [1612.00466].
[90] T. Brauner, T. V. I. Tenkanen, A. Tranberg, A. Vuorinen and D. J. Weir, Dimensional
reduction of the Standard Model coupled to a new singlet scalar ’¼üeld, JHEP 03 (2017)
007, [1609.06230].
[91] O. Gould, J. Kozaczuk, L. Niemi, M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, T. V. Tenkanen and D. J.
Weir, Nonperturbative analysis of the gravitational waves from a ’¼ürst-order electroweak
phase transition, Phys. Rev. D 100 (2019) 115024, [1903.11604].
[92] P. H. Damgaard, A. Haarr, D. OŌĆÖConnell and A. Tranberg, E’¼Ćective Field Theory and
Electroweak Baryogenesis in the Singlet-Extended Standard Model, JHEP 02 (2016)
107, [1512.01963].
[93] P. Huet and A. E. Nelson, CP violation and electroweak baryogenesis in extensions of
the standard model, Phys. Lett. B355 (1995) 229ŌĆō235, [hep-ph/9504427].
60

---PAGE BREAK---
[94] J. M. Cline and P.-A. Lemieux, Electroweak phase transition in two Higgs doublet
models, Phys. Rev. D55 (1997) 3873ŌĆō3881, [hep-ph/9609240].
[95] L. Fromme, S. J. Huber and M. Seniuch, Baryogenesis in the two-Higgs doublet model,
JHEP 11 (2006) 038, [hep-ph/0605242].
[96] J. M. Cline, K. Kainulainen and M. Trott, Electroweak Baryogenesis in Two Higgs
Doublet Models and B meson anomalies, JHEP 11 (2011) 089, [1107.3559].
[97] G. C. Dorsch, S. J. Huber and J. M. No, A strong electroweak phase transition in the
2HDM after LHC8, JHEP 10 (2013) 029, [1305.6610].
[98] G. C. Dorsch, S. J. Huber, K. Mimasu and J. M. No, Echoes of the Electroweak Phase
Transition: Discovering a second Higgs doublet through A0 ŌåÆZH0, Phys. Rev. Lett.
113 (2014) 211802, [1405.5537].
[99] M. Kakizaki, S. Kanemura and T. Matsui, Gravitational waves as a probe of extended
scalar sectors with the ’¼ürst order electroweak phase transition, Phys. Rev. D92 (2015)
115007, [1509.08394].
[100] G. C. Dorsch, S. J. Huber, T. Konstandin and J. M. No, A Second Higgs Doublet in
the Early Universe: Baryogenesis and Gravitational Waves, JCAP 1705 (2017) 052,
[1611.05874].
[101] P. Basler, M. Krause, M. Muhlleitner, J. Wittbrodt and A. Wlotzka, Strong First
Order Electroweak Phase Transition in the CP-Conserving 2HDM Revisited, JHEP 02
(2017) 121, [1612.04086].
[102] G. C. Dorsch, S. J. Huber, K. Mimasu and J. M. No, The Higgs Vacuum Uplifted:
Revisiting the Electroweak Phase Transition with a Second Higgs Doublet, JHEP 12
(2017) 086, [1705.09186].
[103] P. Basler, M. M┬©uhlleitner and J. Wittbrodt, The CP-Violating 2HDM in Light of a
Strong First Order Electroweak Phase Transition and Implications for Higgs Pair
Production, JHEP 03 (2018) 061, [1711.04097].
[104] J. Bernon, L. Bian and Y. Jiang, A new insight into the phase transition in the early
Universe with two Higgs doublets, JHEP 05 (2018) 151, [1712.08430].
[105] F. P. Huang and J.-H. Yu, Exploring inert dark matter blind spots with gravitational
wave signatures, Phys. Rev. D98 (2018) 095022, [1704.04201].
[106] G. C. Branco, P. M. Ferreira, L. Lavoura, M. N. Rebelo, M. Sher and J. P. Silva,
Theory and phenomenology of two-Higgs-doublet models, Phys. Rept. 516 (2012)
1ŌĆō102, [1106.0034].
61

---PAGE BREAK---
[107] ATLAS collaboration, T. A. collaboration, Combined measurements of Higgs boson
production and decay using up to 80 fbŌłÆ1 of protonŌĆōproton collision data at ŌłÜs = 13
TeV collected with the ATLAS experiment, .
[108] CMS collaboration, V. Khachatryan et al., Search for neutral resonances decaying
into a Z boson and a pair of b jets or Žä leptons, Phys. Lett. B759 (2016) 369ŌĆō394,
[1603.02991].
[109] ATLAS collaboration, M. Aaboud et al., Search for a heavy Higgs boson decaying into
a Z boson and another heavy Higgs boson in the ŌäōŌäōbb ’¼ünal state in pp collisions at
ŌłÜs = 13 TeV with the ATLAS detector, Phys. Lett. B783 (2018) 392ŌĆō414,
[1804.01126].
[110] HL/HE WG2 group collaboration, M. Cepeda et al., Higgs Physics at the HL-LHC
and HE-LHC, 1902.00134.
[111] H. H. Patel and M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, Stepping Into Electroweak Symmetry Breaking:
Phase Transitions and Higgs Phenomenology, Phys. Rev. D88 (2013) 035013,
[1212.5652].
[112] M. Chala, M. Ramos and M. Spannowsky, Gravitational wave and collider probes of a
triplet Higgs sector with a low cuto’¼Ć, Eur. Phys. J. C79 (2019) 156, [1812.01901].
[113] N. Blinov, J. Kozaczuk, D. E. Morrissey and C. Tamarit, Electroweak Baryogenesis
from Exotic Electroweak Symmetry Breaking, Phys. Rev. D92 (2015) 035012,
[1504.05195].
[114] S. Inoue, G. Ovanesyan and M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, Two-Step Electroweak
Baryogenesis, Phys. Rev. D93 (2016) 015013, [1508.05404].
[115] N. Blinov, J. Kozaczuk, D. E. Morrissey and A. de la Puente, Compressing the Inert
Doublet Model, Phys. Rev. D93 (2016) 035020, [1510.08069].
[116] M. Chala, C. Krause and G. Nardini, Signals of the electroweak phase transition at
colliders and gravitational wave observatories, JHEP 07 (2018) 062, [1802.02168].
[117] M. Laine, E’¼Ćective theories of MSSM at high temperature, Nucl. Phys. B481 (1996)
43ŌĆō84, [hep-ph/9605283].
[118] J. O. Andersen, T. Gorda, A. Helset, L. Niemi, T. V. I. Tenkanen, A. Tranberg et al.,
Nonperturbative Analysis of the Electroweak Phase Transition in the Two Higgs
Doublet Model, Phys. Rev. Lett. 121 (2018) 191802, [1711.09849].
[119] T. Gorda, A. Helset, L. Niemi, T. V. I. Tenkanen and D. J. Weir, Three-dimensional
e’¼Ćective theories for the two Higgs doublet model at high temperature, JHEP 02 (2019)
081, [1802.05056].
62

---PAGE BREAK---
[120] L. Niemi, H. H. Patel, M. J. Ramsey-Musolf, T. V. I. Tenkanen and D. J. Weir,
Electroweak phase transition in the real triplet extension of the SM: Dimensional
reduction, Phys. Rev. D100 (2019) 035002, [1802.10500].
[121] M. Laine, G. Nardini and K. Rummukainen, Lattice study of an electroweak phase
transition at mH Ōēł126GeV, JCAP 1301 (2013) 011, [1211.7344].
[122] M. Carena, M. Quiros and C. E. M. Wagner, Opening the window for electroweak
baryogenesis, Phys. Lett. B380 (1996) 81ŌĆō91, [hep-ph/9603420].
[123] D. Delepine, J. M. Gerard, R. Gonzalez Felipe and J. Weyers, A Light stop and
electroweak baryogenesis, Phys. Lett. B386 (1996) 183ŌĆō188, [hep-ph/9604440].
[124] M. Carena, G. Nardini, M. Quiros and C. E. M. Wagner, The Baryogenesis Window
in the MSSM, Nucl. Phys. B812 (2009) 243ŌĆō263, [0809.3760].
[125] A. Menon and D. E. Morrissey, Higgs Boson Signatures of MSSM Electroweak
Baryogenesis, Phys. Rev. D79 (2009) 115020, [0903.3038].
[126] T. Cohen, D. E. Morrissey and A. Pierce, Electroweak Baryogenesis and Higgs
Signatures, Phys. Rev. D86 (2012) 013009, [1203.2924].
[127] D. Curtin, P. Jaiswal and P. Meade, Excluding Electroweak Baryogenesis in the
MSSM, JHEP 08 (2012) 005, [1203.2932].
[128] M. Carena, G. Nardini, M. Quiros and C. E. M. Wagner, MSSM Electroweak
Baryogenesis and LHC Data, JHEP 02 (2013) 001, [1207.6330].
[129] A. Katz, M. Perelstein, M. J. Ramsey-Musolf and P. Winslow, Stop-Catalyzed
Baryogenesis Beyond the MSSM, Phys. Rev. D92 (2015) 095019, [1509.02934].
[130] S. Liebler, S. Profumo and T. Stefaniak, Light Stop Mass Limits from Higgs Rate
Measurements in the MSSM: Is MSSM Electroweak Baryogenesis Still Alive After
All?, JHEP 04 (2016) 143, [1512.09172].
[131] M. Pietroni, The Electroweak phase transition in a nonminimal supersymmetric model,
Nucl. Phys. B402 (1993) 27ŌĆō45, [hep-ph/9207227].
[132] A. T. Davies, C. D. Froggatt and R. G. Moorhouse, Electroweak baryogenesis in the
next-to-minimal supersymmetric model, Phys. Lett. B372 (1996) 88ŌĆō94,
[hep-ph/9603388].
[133] R. Apreda, M. Maggiore, A. Nicolis and A. Riotto, Gravitational waves from
electroweak phase transitions, Nucl. Phys. B631 (2002) 342ŌĆō368, [gr-qc/0107033].
[134] J. Kozaczuk, S. Profumo and C. L. Wainwright, Electroweak Baryogenesis And The
Fermi Gamma-Ray Line, Phys. Rev. D87 (2013) 075011, [1302.4781].
63

---PAGE BREAK---
[135] S. J. Huber, T. Konstandin, G. Nardini and I. Rues, Detectable Gravitational Waves
from Very Strong Phase Transitions in the General NMSSM, JCAP 1603 (2016) 036,
[1512.06357].
[136] L. Bian, H.-K. Guo and J. Shu, Gravitational Waves, baryon asymmetry of the
universe and electric dipole moment in the CP-violating NMSSM, Chin. Phys. C42
(2018) 093106, [1704.02488].
[137] S. V. Demidov, D. S. Gorbunov and D. V. Kirpichnikov, Gravitational waves from
phase transition in split NMSSM, Phys. Lett. B779 (2018) 191ŌĆō194, [1712.00087].
[138] A. Menon, D. E. Morrissey and C. E. M. Wagner, Electroweak baryogenesis and dark
matter in the nMSSM, Phys. Rev. D70 (2004) 035005, [hep-ph/0404184].
[139] S. Akula, C. Bal┬┤azs, L. Dunn and G. White, Electroweak baryogenesis in the Z3
-invariant NMSSM, JHEP 11 (2017) 051, [1706.09898].
[140] J. Kozaczuk, S. Profumo, L. S. Haskins and C. L. Wainwright, Cosmological Phase
Transitions and their Properties in the NMSSM, JHEP 01 (2015) 144, [1407.4134].
[141] S. V. Demidov, D. S. Gorbunov and D. V. Kirpichnikov, Split NMSSM with
electroweak baryogenesis, JHEP 11 (2016) 148, [1608.01985].
[142] ACME collaboration, V. Andreev et al., Improved limit on the electric dipole moment
of the electron, Nature 562 (2018) 355ŌĆō360.
[143] G. Panico, A. Pomarol and M. Riembau, EFT approach to the electron Electric Dipole
Moment at the two-loop level, JHEP 04 (2019) 090, [1810.09413].
[144] T. A. W. Martin and D. Morrissey, Electroweakino constraints from LHC data, JHEP
12 (2014) 168, [1409.6322].
[145] C. Arina, M. Chala, V. Martin-Lozano and G. Nardini, Confronting SUSY models
with LHC data via electroweakino production, JHEP 12 (2016) 149, [1610.03822].
[146] T. Chupp, P. Fierlinger, M. Ramsey-Musolf and J. Singh, Electric Dipole Moments of
the Atoms, Molecules, Nuclei and Particles, Rev. Mod. Phys. 91 (2019) 015001,
[1710.02504].
[147] GAMBIT collaboration, P. Athron et al., Combined collider constraints on
neutralinos and charginos, Eur. Phys. J. C79 (2019) 395, [1809.02097].
[148] F. Domingo, J. S. Kim, V. M. Lozano, P. Martin-Ramiro and R. Ruiz de Austri,
Confronting the neutralino and chargino sector of the NMSSM with the multilepton
searches at the LHC, Phys. Rev. D 101 (2020) 075010, [1812.05186].
64

---PAGE BREAK---
[149] H. Georgi and M. Machacek, DOUBLY CHARGED HIGGS BOSONS, Nucl. Phys.
B262 (1985) 463ŌĆō477.
[150] L. Cort, M. Garcia and M. Quiros, Supersymmetric Custodial Triplets, Phys. Rev.
D88 (2013) 075010, [1308.4025].
[151] M. Garcia-Pepin and M. Quiros, Strong electroweak phase transition from
Supersymmetric Custodial Triplets, JHEP 05 (2016) 177, [1602.01351].
[152] CMS collaboration, A. M. Sirunyan et al., Search for Charged Higgs Bosons Produced
via Vector Boson Fusion and Decaying into a Pair of W and Z Bosons Using pp
Collisions at ŌłÜs = 13 TeV, Phys. Rev. Lett. 119 (2017) 141802, [1705.02942].
[153] R. Vega, R. Vega-Morales and K. Xie, The Supersymmetric Georgi-Machacek Model,
JHEP 03 (2018) 168, [1711.05329].
[154] S. Dimopoulos, K. Howe and J. March-Russell, Maximally Natural Supersymmetry,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 113 (2014) 111802, [1404.7554].
[155] A. Delgado, M. Garcia-Pepin, G. Nardini and M. Quiros, Natural Supersymmetry from
Extra Dimensions, Phys. Rev. D94 (2016) 095017, [1608.06470].
[156] I. Garcia Garcia, K. Howe and J. March-Russell, Natural Scherk-Schwarz Theories of
the Weak Scale, JHEP 12 (2015) 005, [1510.07045].
[157] M. Losada, High temperature dimensional reduction of the MSSM and other
multiscalar models, Phys. Rev. D56 (1997) 2893ŌĆō2913, [hep-ph/9605266].
[158] D. Bodeker, P. John, M. Laine and M. G. Schmidt, The Two loop MSSM ’¼ünite
temperature e’¼Ćective potential with stop condensation, Nucl. Phys. B497 (1997)
387ŌĆō414, [hep-ph/9612364].
[159] M. Laine and K. Rummukainen, The MSSM electroweak phase transition on the
lattice, Nucl. Phys. B535 (1998) 423ŌĆō457, [hep-lat/9804019].
[160] X.-m. Zhang, Operators analysis for Higgs potential and cosmological bound on Higgs
mass, Phys. Rev. D47 (1993) 3065ŌĆō3067, [hep-ph/9301277].
[161] C. Grojean, G. Servant and J. D. Wells, First-order electroweak phase transition in the
standard model with a low cuto’¼Ć, Phys. Rev. D71 (2005) 036001, [hep-ph/0407019].
[162] C. Delaunay, C. Grojean and J. D. Wells, Dynamics of Non-renormalizable
Electroweak Symmetry Breaking, JHEP 04 (2008) 029, [0711.2511].
[163] D. Bodeker, L. Fromme, S. J. Huber and M. Seniuch, The Baryon asymmetry in the
standard model with a low cut-o’¼Ć, JHEP 02 (2005) 026, [hep-ph/0412366].
65

---PAGE BREAK---
[164] C. P. D. Harman and S. J. Huber, Does zero temperature decide on the nature of the
electroweak phase transition?, JHEP 06 (2016) 005, [1512.05611].
[165] J. de Vries, M. Postma, J. van de Vis and G. White, Electroweak Baryogenesis and the
Standard Model E’¼Ćective Field Theory, JHEP 01 (2018) 089, [1710.04061].
[166] S. J. Huber and M. Sopena, An e’¼ācient approach to electroweak bubble velocities,
1302.1044.
[167] F. P. Huang, Y. Wan, D.-G. Wang, Y.-F. Cai and X. Zhang, Hearing the echoes of
electroweak baryogenesis with gravitational wave detectors, Phys. Rev. D94 (2016)
041702, [1601.01640].
[168] S. Di Vita, G. Durieux, C. Grojean, J. Gu, Z. Liu, G. Panico et al., A global view on
the Higgs self-coupling at lepton colliders, JHEP 02 (2018) 178, [1711.03978].
[169] A. Papaefstathiou and K. Sakurai, Triple Higgs boson production at a 100 TeV
proton-proton collider, JHEP 02 (2016) 006, [1508.06524].
[170] K. Fujikura, Y. Nakai and M. Yamada, A more attractive scheme for radion
stabilization and supercooled phase transition, JHEP 02 (2020) 111, [1910.07546].
[171] G. Servant, Baryogenesis from Strong CP Violation and the QCD Axion, Phys. Rev.
Lett. 113 (2014) 171803, [1407.0030].
[172] D. G. Figueroa, E. Megias, G. Nardini, M. Pieroni, M. Quiros, A. Ricciardone et al.,
LISA as a probe for particle physics: electroweak scale tests in synergy with
ground-based experiments, PoS GRASS2018 (2018) 036, [1806.06463].
[173] G. Panico and A. Wulzer, The Composite Nambu-Goldstone Higgs, Lect. Notes Phys.
913 (2016) pp.1ŌĆō316, [1506.01961].
[174] C. Grojean, O. Matsedonskyi and G. Panico, Light top partners and precision physics,
JHEP 10 (2013) 160, [1306.4655].
[175] G. Panico, M. Redi, A. Tesi and A. Wulzer, On the Tuning and the Mass of the
Composite Higgs, JHEP 03 (2013) 051, [1210.7114].
[176] C. Cs┬┤aki, M. Geller and O. Telem, Tree-level Quartic for a Holographic Composite
Higgs, JHEP 05 (2018) 134, [1710.08921].
[177] B. Grinstein and M. Trott, Electroweak Baryogenesis with a Pseudo-Goldstone Higgs,
Phys. Rev. D78 (2008) 075022, [0806.1971].
[178] J. R. Espinosa, B. Gripaios, T. Konstandin and F. Riva, Electroweak Baryogenesis in
Non-minimal Composite Higgs Models, JCAP 1201 (2012) 012, [1110.2876].
66

---PAGE BREAK---
[179] L. Bian, Y. Wu and K.-P. Xie, Electroweak phase transition with composite Higgs
models: calculability, gravitational waves and collider searches, JHEP 12 (2019) 028,
[1909.02014].
[180] M. Chala, R. Gr┬©ober and M. Spannowsky, Searches for vector-like quarks at future
colliders and implications for composite Higgs models with dark matter, JHEP 03
(2018) 040, [1801.06537].
[181] ATLAS collaboration, M. Aaboud et al., Combination of the searches for
pair-produced vector-like partners of the third-generation quarks at ŌłÜs = 13 TeV with
the ATLAS detector, Phys. Rev. Lett. 121 (2018) 211801, [1808.02343].
[182] R. Contino, The Higgs as a Composite Nambu-Goldstone Boson, in Physics of the
large and the small, TASI 09, proceedings of the Theoretical Advanced Study Institute
in Elementary Particle Physics, Boulder, Colorado, USA, 1-26 June 2009,
pp. 235ŌĆō306, 2011. 1005.4269. DOI.
[183] I. Baldes and G. Servant, High scale electroweak phase transition: baryogenesis &
symmetry non-restoration, JHEP 10 (2018) 053, [1807.08770].
[184] A. Glioti, R. Rattazzi and L. Vecchi, Electroweak Baryogenesis above the Electroweak
Scale, JHEP 04 (2019) 027, [1811.11740].
[185] P. Meade and H. Ramani, Unrestored Electroweak Symmetry, Phys. Rev. Lett. 122
(2019) 041802, [1807.07578].
[186] P. Schwaller, Gravitational Waves from a Dark Phase Transition, Phys. Rev. Lett. 115
(2015) 181101, [1504.07263].
[187] J. Jaeckel, V. V. Khoze and M. Spannowsky, Hearing the signal of dark sectors with
gravitational wave detectors, Phys. Rev. D94 (2016) 103519, [1602.03901].
[188] A. Addazi, Limiting First Order Phase Transitions in Dark Gauge Sectors from
Gravitational Waves experiments, Mod. Phys. Lett. A32 (2017) 1750049,
[1607.08057].
[189] I. Baldes, Gravitational waves from the asymmetric-dark-matter generating phase
transition, JCAP 1705 (2017) 028, [1702.02117].
[190] A. Addazi and A. Marciano, Gravitational waves from dark ’¼ürst order phase
transitions and dark photons, Chin. Phys. C42 (2018) 023107, [1703.03248].
[191] K. Tsumura, M. Yamada and Y. Yamaguchi, Gravitational wave from dark sector with
dark pion, JCAP 1707 (2017) 044, [1704.00219].
67

---PAGE BREAK---
[192] M. Aoki, H. Goto and J. Kubo, Gravitational Waves from Hidden QCD Phase
Transition, Phys. Rev. D96 (2017) 075045, [1709.07572].
[193] D. Croon and G. White, Exotic Gravitational Wave Signatures from Simultaneous
Phase Transitions, JHEP 05 (2018) 210, [1803.05438].
[194] D. Croon, V. Sanz and G. White, Model Discrimination in Gravitational Wave spectra
from Dark Phase Transitions, JHEP 08 (2018) 203, [1806.02332].
[195] I. Baldes and C. Garcia-Cely, Strong gravitational radiation from a simple dark matter
model, JHEP 05 (2019) 190, [1809.01198].
[196] E. Madge and P. Schwaller, Leptophilic dark matter from gauged lepton number:
Phenomenology and gravitational wave signatures, JHEP 02 (2019) 048, [1809.09110].
[197] M. Breitbach, J. Kopp, E. Madge, T. Opferkuch and P. Schwaller, Dark, Cold, and
Noisy: Constraining Secluded Hidden Sectors with Gravitational Waves, JCAP 1907
(2019) 007, [1811.11175].
[198] M. Fairbairn, E. Hardy and A. Wickens, Hearing without seeing: gravitational waves
from hot and cold hidden sectors, JHEP 07 (2019) 044, [1901.11038].
[199] M. J. Baker and J. Kopp, Dark Matter Decay between Phase Transitions at the Weak
Scale, Phys. Rev. Lett. 119 (2017) 061801, [1608.07578].
[200] M. J. Baker, M. Breitbach, J. Kopp and L. Mittnacht, Dynamic Freeze-In: Impact of
Thermal Masses and Cosmological Phase Transitions on Dark Matter Production,
JHEP 03 (2018) 114, [1712.03962].
[201] A. Greljo, T. Opferkuch and B. A. Stefanek, Gravitational Imprints of Flavor
Hierarchies, Phys. Rev. Lett. 124 (2020) 171802, [1910.02014].
[202] M. Geller, A. Hook, R. Sundrum and Y. Tsai, Primordial Anisotropies in the
Gravitational Wave Background from Cosmological Phase Transitions, Phys. Rev.
Lett. 121 (2018) 201303, [1803.10780].
[203] P. Schwaller, T. M. P. Tait and R. Vega-Morales, Dark Matter and Vectorlike Leptons
from Gauged Lepton Number, Phys. Rev. D88 (2013) 035001, [1305.1108].
[204] XENON collaboration, E. Aprile et al., Dark Matter Search Results from a One
Ton-Year Exposure of XENON1T, Phys. Rev. Lett. 121 (2018) 111302, [1805.12562].
[205] P. Y. Huet, K. Kajantie, R. G. Leigh, B.-H. Liu and L. D. McLerran, Hydrodynamic
stability analysis of burning bubbles in electroweak theory and in QCD, Phys. Rev.
D48 (1993) 2477ŌĆō2492, [hep-ph/9212224].
68

---PAGE BREAK---
[206] B. Link, De’¼éagration instability in the quark - hadron phase transition, Phys. Rev.
Lett. 68 (1992) 2425ŌĆō2428.
[207] M. Abney, Hydrodynamic detonation instability in electroweak and QCD phase
transitions, Phys. Rev. D49 (1994) 1777ŌĆō1782, [astro-ph/9305021].
[208] J. Ignatius, K. Kajantie, H. Kurki-Suonio and M. Laine, The growth of bubbles in
cosmological phase transitions, Phys. Rev. D49 (1994) 3854ŌĆō3868,
[astro-ph/9309059].
[209] H. Kurki-Suonio and M. Laine, Supersonic de’¼éagrations in cosmological phase
transitions, Phys. Rev. D51 (1995) 5431ŌĆō5437, [hep-ph/9501216].
[210] H. Kurki-Suonio and M. Laine, On bubble growth and droplet decay in cosmological
phase transitions, Phys. Rev. D54 (1996) 7163ŌĆō7171, [hep-ph/9512202].
[211] L. Rezzolla, Stability of cosmological detonation front, Phys. Rev. D54 (1996)
1345ŌĆō1358, [astro-ph/9605033].
[212] P. C. Fragile and P. Anninos, Hydrodynamic stability of cosmological quark hadron
phase transitions, Phys. Rev. D67 (2003) 103010, [gr-qc/0303018].
[213] A. Megevand and F. A. Membiela, Stability of cosmological de’¼éagration fronts, Phys.
Rev. D89 (2014) 103507, [1311.2453].
[214] A. Megevand and F. A. Membiela, Stability of cosmological detonation fronts, Phys.
Rev. D89 (2014) 103503, [1402.5791].
[215] A. Megevand, F. A. Membiela and A. D. Sanchez, Lower bound on the electroweak
wall velocity from hydrodynamic instability, JCAP 1503 (2015) 051, [1412.8064].
[216] K. Farakos, K. Kajantie, K. Rummukainen and M. E. Shaposhnikov, 3-D physics and
the electroweak phase transition: Perturbation theory, Nucl. Phys. B425 (1994)
67ŌĆō109, [hep-ph/9404201].
[217] K. Kajantie, M. Laine, K. Rummukainen and M. E. Shaposhnikov, Generic rules for
high temperature dimensional reduction and their application to the standard model,
Nucl. Phys. B458 (1996) 90ŌĆō136, [hep-ph/9508379].
[218] G. D. Moore and K. Rummukainen, Electroweak bubble nucleation, nonperturbatively,
Phys. Rev. D63 (2001) 045002, [hep-ph/0009132].
[219] G. D. Moore, K. Rummukainen and A. Tranberg, Nonperturbative computation of the
bubble nucleation rate in the cubic anisotropy model, JHEP 04 (2001) 017,
[hep-lat/0103036].
69

---PAGE BREAK---
