Constraining power of asymptotic safety for scalar ﬁelds
Astrid Eichhorn1, ∗and Martin Pauly2, †
1CP3-Origins, University of Southern Denmark, Campusvej 55, DK-5230 Odense M, Denmark
2Institut f¨ur Theoretische Physik, Ruprecht-Karls-Universit¨at Heidelberg,
Philosophenweg 16, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany
We explore the phenomenology of scalar ﬁelds coupled to asymptotically safe quantum gravity,
in light of their potential signiﬁcance for dark matter, for the inﬂaton as well as dynamical dark
energy, and in the Higgs sector in and beyond the Standard Model. This work is a step towards de-
lineating the boundaries of the asymptotically safe swampland by exploiting the constraining power
of the asymptotic-safety paradigm. Firstly, we strengthen indications that quantum gravitational
ﬂuctuations could drive scalar potentials towards ﬂatness, with intriguing potential implications for
inﬂation and dark energy. Secondly, we explore how asymptotic safety could rule out large parts
of the parameter space in models for scalar dark matter. Thirdly, we discover hints that at an
asymptotically safe ﬁxed point with ﬁnite top quark mass, the non-minimal Higgs-curvature cou-
pling could be constrained. Finally, by combining the constraining power of asymptotic safety in
particle physics and cosmology, we ﬁnd hints that Higgs inﬂation lies in the asymptotically safe
swampland.
In summary, we strengthen previous indications for the constraining power of asymptotic safety and
the resulting large extent of the asymptotically safe swampland.
CONTENTS
I. Motivation: Scalars in particle physics and
cosmology: in search of a UV completion
2
II. Asymptotic safety: conceptual and technical
framework
2
A. Predictivity and eﬀective asymptotic safety
3
B. Functional Renormalization Group
3
C. Three systems: Single scalar, simple Yukawa,
portal to simple Yukawa dark matter
5
III. Single scalar
6
A. Fixed-point results
6
B. Three perspectives on ﬂat scalar potentials in
quantum gravity
7
1. Global symmetries
7
2. The gravity-induced ﬂow towards ﬂatness
and predictivity
8
3. Small slow-roll parameters from
asymptotic safety
8
C. Outlook on potential phenomenological
consequences
9
1. Towards asymptotically safe consequences
for the inﬂaton
10
2. Towards asymptotically safe consequences
for dynamical dark energy
12
IV. Simple Yukawa model for the Higgs-top system
13
A. Eﬀects of Fermions
14
B. Comparison to the case without non-minimal
coupling: Impact on predictions of the
fermion mass
15
∗eichhorn@cp3.sdu.dk
† m.pauly@thphys.uni-heidelberg.de
C. Spontaneous symmetry breaking in the
quantum-gravity regime
17
D. Indications against the viability of Higgs
inﬂation in asymptotic safety
17
V. Scalar portal to dark matter
19
A. Decoupling of a single dark scalar in
asymptotic safety
19
B. Portal coupling to a dark Yukawa system
20
C. Fixed-point structures, predictivity and
near-perturbativity
20
D. Connection to the IR
22
VI. Conclusions and outlook
25
A. Summary of key results
25
B. Outlook: improving on systematic
uncertainties
27
Acknowledgments
28
A. Formal aspects
28
1. Gauge ﬁxing
28
2. Choice of regulator
29
3. Background ﬁeld dependence
30
4. Momentum-dependent interactions
32
B. Flow of the Potential
33
C. Beta functions
33
References
35
arXiv:2009.13543v2  [hep-th]  31 Aug 2021

---PAGE BREAK---
2
I.
MOTIVATION: SCALARS IN PARTICLE
PHYSICS AND COSMOLOGY: IN SEARCH OF A
UV COMPLETION
The experimental discovery of the Higgs particle [1, 2]
has shown that at least one fundamental scalar ﬁeld
might exist in nature.
Its production and subsequent
decay into various Standard-Model (SM) particles is
consistent with the expected values in the Standard
Model [3].
Yet, this impressive success exposes one
of the open problems of the Standard Model, namely
a transplanckian Landau pole that is expected in the
Higgs-Yukawa sector. It is expected to limit the validity
of the theory and require new physics.
Given the
scale at which it appears, quantum gravity constitutes
a prime candidate for new physics to remedy this
Landau pole1.
Within the asymptotic-safety approach
to quantum gravity, the Higgs ﬁeld could become a
truly fundamental ﬁeld, as there are indications for an
asymptotically safe ﬁxed point in the Higgs sector of the
Standard Model under the impact of quantum-gravity
ﬂuctuations, see, e.g., [10–17] and [18–23] for beyond-SM
settings.
For earlier work on gravity-scalar systems,
see, e.g., [24–30].
Asymptotic safety generalizes the
success story of asymptotic freedom from non-Abelian
gauge theories to a quantum gravitational setting.
It
corresponds to a quantum-scale-invariant ﬁxed-point
regime of the Renormalization Group (RG) ﬂow. This
enables an ultraviolet (UV) completion or extension of
an eﬀective ﬁeld theory such as the Standard Model.
Requiring the enhancement of the symmetry to quantum
scale symmetry in the UV implies relations between the
couplings of the theory that hold in the infrared (IR).
This results in a potential enhancement of predictive
power and could open the door to observational tests of
the asymptotic-safety paradigm.
Beyond the Higgs sector, fundamental scalar ﬁelds could
play a variety of roles in cosmology. In the late universe,
they could constitute a part or all of the dark matter
[31–34]. The dark-matter sector might become asymp-
totically safe under the impact of quantum gravitational
ﬂuctuations.
There are tentative hints that this could
entail an enhancement of predictive power [18], see also
[20, 23, 35], strongly restricting the parameter space of
the dark matter.
Further, scalars could be relevant to drive the early-
and/or late-time expansion of the universe.
The po-
tential for such scalars is also expected to be subject
to constraints if coupled to asymptotically safe quan-
tum gravity, see, e.g., [24, 36–39].
At the same time,
observational data already constrains the form of the
1 This is the reason why the measurement of 125 GeV for the mass
of the Higgs particle is a far-reaching result of the LHC – at a
not too diﬀerent mass, vacuum instability would imply a much
lower scale of new physics [4–7], as would low-scale Landau poles
if the Higgs particle was somewhat heavier [8, 9].
potential for a dark-energy scalar [40–42].
This raises
the question whether cosmological observations, such as,
e.g., upcoming surveys aimed at restricting the dark-
energy equation of state [43–47], could provide insights
into the viability of the asymptotic-safety paradigm.
Similarly, Planck constraints on inﬂationary potentials
[42, 48] might enable observational tests of the paradigm.
Taking these manifold physics applications of fun-
damental scalars within the Standard Model, as dark
matter, dark energy and as the inﬂaton as our mo-
tivation, we explore the interplay of asymptotically
safe gravity with scalars and Yukawa systems, building
on and extending previous work in [10–21, 23–30, 35–39].
This paper is structured as follows: In Sec. II we in-
troduce the method and setup we use.
In Sec. III we
study how quantum gravity impacts the potential of a
single scalar and discuss potential implications for inﬂa-
tion and dark energy. In Sec. IV we extend the purely
scalar model to a Yukawa system representing the Higgs-
top sector of the Standard Model. We study the impact
of the non-minimal coupling on potential bounds on the
top mass [13] and explore the viability of asymptotically
safe Higgs inﬂation. Sec. V discusses two Yukawa systems
coupled via a portal coupling, and explores how one of
these two sectors could be a dark sector [35], accounting
for dark matter.
We refer readers interested in potential cosmological im-
plications to Sec. III B 3 on slow-roll-like parameters in
asymptotic safety; Sec. III C on asymptotically safe inﬂa-
tion and dark energy, Sec. IV D on the viability of Higgs
inﬂation in asymptotic safety as well as Sec. V on poten-
tial dark-matter candidates.
Additionally, we refer readers interested in potential
particle-physics implications, to Sec. III B 1 for a discus-
sion of global symmetries under the impact of asymp-
totically safe gravity and Sec. IV B on the impact of the
non-minimal coupling on the bound on the top mass [13].
Finally, we highlight that readers interested in formal
aspects of functional Renormalization Group setups will
ﬁnd a study of auxiliary background-scalar ﬁeld depen-
dencies in App. A.
II.
ASYMPTOTIC SAFETY: CONCEPTUAL
AND TECHNICAL FRAMEWORK
...where we ﬁrst introduce some concepts related to
an asymptotically safe ﬁxed point and then elucidate the
method we use to explore the scale-dependence of quan-
tum ﬁeld theories. Finally, we provide speciﬁcs (ﬁeld con-
tent and interaction structure) of the systems we explore.

---PAGE BREAK---
3
A.
Predictivity and eﬀective asymptotic safety
...where we review how an interacting ﬁxed point im-
poses predictivity on a quantum ﬁeld theory. Further, we
revisit the concept of eﬀective asymptotic safety and how
it can result in predictivity in an eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory
setup with a ﬁnite new-physics scale.
In a quantum ﬁeld theory (QFT), scale-dependent cou-
plings encode the eﬀect of quantum ﬂuctuations. By in-
tegrating out quantum ﬂuctuations with momenta larger
than a momentum scale k, one obtains the scale depen-
dence of a dimensionless coupling gi(k), encoded in its
beta function βgi.
At a Renormalization Group (RG)
ﬁxed point, all beta functions of a system vanish, real-
izing quantum scale symmetry.
If RG trajectories are
picked for which the UV regime is determined by quan-
tum scale symmetry, one refers to the resulting model
as asymptotically safe, and the ﬁxed point itself as an
asymptotically safe ﬁxed point. Several dynamical mech-
anisms can be at the heart of such a ﬁxed point, see [49]
for a review.
As a consequence, one can consider the
mathematical limit in which the RG scale is taken to
arbitrarily high values, and obtain a path integral that
is well-deﬁned in this limit, i.e., a fundamental theory.
Firstly, such a limit is physically challenging to access;
and secondly, it does not imply that new physics might
not exist at some high scale.
In this paper, our main
focus will therefore not be on the UV completeness that
follows as a consequence of asymptotic safety. Instead,
we will focus on the predictivity that it implies – even
in settings where new physics does indeed exist at high
scales.
The predictivity of a ﬁxed point is encoded in its crit-
ical exponents. The critical exponents are deﬁned as
θ(I) = −eig
∂βgi
∂gj
 
⃗g=⃗g∗.
(1)
They govern the linearized ﬂow around the ﬁxed point:
Directions in the space of couplings associated to a pos-
itive θ are relevant, i.e., IR repulsive. A tiny deviation
from the ﬁxed-point value continues to grow towards the
IR, i.e., quantum ﬂuctuations associated to such a direc-
tion drive the system away from scale symmetry. The IR
values of the corresponding couplings are not calculable
from the ﬁxed-point requirement; a range of IR values is
compatible with asymptotic safety in the UV.
Directions associated with negative θ are irrelevant, i.e.,
IR attractive. Deviations from the ﬁxed point decrease
under the RG ﬂow to the IR, i.e., quantum ﬂuctuations
associated to such a direction drive the system towards
scale symmetry. Therefore, the IR values of such cou-
plings are calculable from the ﬁxed-point requirement.
Essentially, for each θ < 0 there is a relation between the
values of couplings, which also has to hold in the IR for
quantum scale symmetry to be realized in the UV.
Asymptotic safety is typically introduced as an ul-
traviolet completion for a quantum ﬁeld theory (QFT),
with its main interest being the extension of the regime
of validity of the theory up to arbitrarily high energy
scales.
A more pragmatic view on asymptotic safety
originates in the concept of “eﬀective asymptotic safety”,
discussed in [50, 51], see also [52]:
even if the QFT
description of matter-gravity systems breaks down at
a transplanckian momentum scale ΛUV > MPl, the
predictivity of an asymptotically safe ﬁxed point can
continue to play a major role in determining the IR
physics.
In this case, the RG ﬂow starts at initial
conditions at ΛUV that depend on the UV completion.
From there, it is attracted by the asymptotically safe
ﬁxed point along all its (inﬁnitely many) irrelevant
directions, and repulsed along the ﬁnitely many relevant
ones. A wide range of suitable initial conditions at ΛUV
thus results in RG trajectories exhibiting near-scale
invariance close to the ﬁxed point over a wide range of
scales. In the deep IR, they therefore closely resemble
“true” ﬁxed-point trajectories exactly satisfying the
relation between couplings associated to negative critical
exponents.
Accordingly,
predictions for low-energy
physics do not necessarily depend on asserting that
asymptotic safety provides a UV completion valid “to
arbitrarily high scales”.
Taking the ﬁxed-point limit,
where RG trajectories are required to emanate exactly
out of the ﬁxed point, can be considered as a mere
mathematical convenience, as it allows to easily make
“sharp” statements about low-energy predictions. In a
more general setting with eﬀective asymptotic safety,
the degree of predictivity a ﬁxed point imposes on IR
physics has been quantiﬁed in [51].
B.
Functional Renormalization Group
...where we provide an introduction to the Functional
Renormalization Group,
focusing on conceptual and
technical challenges speciﬁc to the gravitational context.
We work in a Euclidean, Wilsonian framework, where
quantum ﬂuctuations in the path integral are taken into
account in a momentum-shell wise fashion. This allows
us to identify candidates for quantum scale invariant
dynamics in the UV and connect them with physics
in the IR, to derive the predictions that follow from
quantum scale symmetry. Below, we ﬁrst introduce the
setup in momentum space, then discuss the generaliza-
tion of a momentum cutoﬀto the gravitational setting
and highlight its Euclidean nature, before reviewing
the functional diﬀerential equation that underlies this
formalism.
In the gravitational context, the distinction of high-
momentum and low-momentum modes is more involved
than in QFT on ﬂat space.
In general, deﬁning a lo-
cal notion of a coarse-graining scale – in other words, a
suitable generalization of a momentum scale – requires

---PAGE BREAK---
4
a background geometry. In standard QFT, the ﬂat met-
ric provides a background such that one can implement
a cutoﬀin momentum space. In a gravitational setting,
one can use the background-ﬁeld formalism. To this end,
the full metric gµν is split into a background ¯gµν and a
ﬂuctuation hµν,
gµν = ¯gµν + hµν.
(2)
This enables a generalization of the notion of momen-
tum, by considering the background-covariant Laplacian
−¯D2, such that −¯D2 →p2 when one chooses ¯gµν = δµν.
We stress that despite the suggestive notation, metric
ﬂuctuations hµν need not be small.
The split in Eq. (2) also facilitates the introduction of a
gauge-ﬁxing term for the metric, which is necessary in
order to deﬁne the metric propagator. While the gauge-
ﬁxing term breaks the full diﬀeomorphism symmetry, it
can be chosen to respect an auxiliary invariance with
respect to the background metric, as is standard in the
background-ﬁeld formalism [53]. This is central for the
recovery of diﬀeomorphism symmetry in the full eﬀective
action Γ = Γk→0.
The comparison of p2 (or −¯D2) to a momentum
scale k2 is a meaningful distinction of UV and IR
modes in Euclidean signature.
For QFTs on a ﬂat
background, a Wick rotation or analytic continuation
provides a relation of the Euclidean theory to the
Lorentzian one.
For quantum gravity, the analytic
continuation of a number of metric conﬁgurations is
not straightforward [54] and the conﬁguration spaces of
Riemannian and Lorentzian metrics feature a diﬀerent
topology/connectivity [55]. For these reasons, it is not
expected that a straightforward relation between Rie-
mannian and Lorentzian quantum gravity exists beyond
the perturbative regime. With this cautionary remark,
let us proceed with the Riemannian calculation, which
can be thought of as exploring the eﬀect of quantum
ﬂuctuations of a four-dimensional space (in contrast to
a 3+1 dimensional spacetime).
Within the Functional Renormalization Group (FRG),
one introduces an (unphysical) momentum scale k that
serves to distinguish UV modes (with momenta higher
than k) from IR modes (with momenta lower than k).
One then introduces a mass-like regulator term to imple-
ment the idea of Wilsonian renormalization: The regula-
tor Rk(p) suppresses ﬂuctuations with momenta p2 < k2.
Fluctuations with momenta larger than the scale k are
integrated out. After introducing this term in the path
integral, one obtains a generalization of the full eﬀective
action Γ to a scale-dependent action Γk, which contains
the eﬀect of quantum ﬂuctuations above the momentum
scale k only, see [56–58]. The full eﬀective action Γ, en-
coding the physics, is recovered by integrating over all k.
In the settings we explore, a main focus is on ﬁnding
well-deﬁned initial conditions for this integration, i.e.,
a microscopic dynamics Γk→∞which is deﬁned by an
asymptotically safe ﬁxed point. The physics implications
of asymptotic safety are then explored in a second step
by following the RG ﬂow to k →0.
The key advantage of introducing a quadratic (i.e., mass-
like) regulator term in the path integral is the resulting
functional diﬀerential equation for Γk, which is of an ex-
act one-loop structure at the formal level [56–58]
∂tΓk = k∂k Γk = 1
2STr

Γ(2)
k
+ Rk
−1
∂tRk

.
(3)
Here, t = ln k/k0, with a reference scale k0 and Γ(2)
k
is the
second functional derivative of the eﬀective action with
respect to the ﬂuctuation ﬁelds. In our case, it is a matrix
in ﬁeld space, and the supertrace includes a trace in ﬁeld
space, in addition to a summation/integration over the
discrete/continuous eigenvalues of the Laplacian −¯D2.
To evaluate the right-hand-side of the ﬂow equation, we
sum over eigenvalues of the appropriate Laplacians, see,
e.g., [59–64].
We employ the “middle-of-the-staircase”
approximation discussed in [64].
For Grassmann-valued ﬁelds, such as, e.g., Faddeev-
Popov ghost ﬁelds and fermion ﬁelds, the supertrace in-
cludes an additional negative sign.
For reviews of the
method see, e.g., [65–68], and [69–72] speciﬁcally for the
gravitational context.
The ﬂow equation Eq. (3) shifts the focus away from
the classical/microscopic action S: Instead of postulat-
ing a form for S and starting to integrate out quan-
tum ﬂuctuations in the path integral, where conﬁgura-
tions are weighed by exp[−S], one can explore the scale-
dependence of whole families of interactions. This en-
ables a search for viable microscopic dynamics deﬁned by
RG ﬁxed points. More speciﬁcally, from Eq. (3), one can
obtain the beta function for any coupling in the eﬀective
action. By projecting the right-hand side of Eq. (3) on
the corresponding interaction monomial, one generates
diagrams of a one-loop form (with the regulator insertion
∂tRk sitting on each one of the internal propagators in
turn). These analytic beta functions enable a ﬁxed-point
search, allowing to identify candidates for asymptotically
safe dynamics.
The relation of these beta functions to those derived in
diﬀerent schemes in perturbation theory lies in the agree-
ment of their universal parts; in particular the one-loop
contributions from perturbation theory are recovered di-
rectly from the FRG-beta functions. Higher-loop contri-
butions which are not universal in perturbation theory
beyond two loops, are encoded in contributions coming
from higher-order terms in the dynamics Γk [73]. At the
same time, the FRG beta functions feature nontrivial de-
nominators from Eq. (3), which result in threshold eﬀects
and the automatic decoupling of modes once the RG scale
k falls below their mass. This is in contrast to standard
perturbative schemes, where modes typically have to be
decoupled by hand.
The scale-dependent eﬀective action Γk in principle
contains all operators compatible with the symmetries

---PAGE BREAK---
5
of the system under consideration, including all higher-
order interactions. For practical calculations, one needs
to truncate this inﬁnite tower of operators, thereby in-
troducing a systematic uncertainty.
Within asymptotically safe gravity-matter systems, the
principle used to select the truncation is the conjec-
tured near-perturbative nature of the ﬁxed point. This
is supported by studies of nontrivial symmetry-identities
in gravity-matter systems [74–76], studies of the scal-
ing spectrum in extended pure-gravity truncations [77–
81] and critical exponents in matter-gravity systems
[24, 25, 29, 74, 82–88], indications for asymptotic safety
from one-loop perturbation theory [89, 90], and the con-
jecture that the asymptotic-safety mechanism [49] relies
on a balance of canonical scaling and quantum scaling
that is operative in d = 2 + ϵ dimensions [91–96] and
can be extended continuously to d = 4 [53, 97]. This im-
plies that residual interactions shift the critical exponents
away from their canonical value by an O(1) amount. Ac-
cordingly, canonically highly irrelevant operators are ex-
pected to remain irrelevant at the interacting ﬁxed point
and can be neglected to obtain a robust count of the
number of relevant directions, i.e., the free parameters of
the theory.
While such a choice of truncation would automat-
ically be robust at non-interacting ﬁxed points, its
self-consistency needs to be checked a posteriori at an
interacting ﬁxed point. Anticipating the results of our
study, the ﬁxed points we explore exhibit near-canonical
scaling, making our choice of truncation self-consistent.
Further support for such functional RG results can in
the future come from other techniques. Similar to the
gravitational case, Gross-Neveu systems are a paradig-
matic example for interacting ﬁxed points. The underly-
ing mechanism generating scale symmetry is the same as
that conjectured for asymptotically safe quantum gravity.
Thus, a choice of truncation based on canonical power
counting produces reliable results [98–105] in agreement
with other approaches [106–114]. These systems also pro-
vide a blueprint how the conﬂuence of several methods
can provide strong evidence for an interacting ﬁxed point.
In the case of asymptotically safe gravity, a similar degree
of convergence from diﬀerent techniques has not been
achieved yet, but asymptotic safety is under active in-
vestigation both with lattice techniques [115] as well as
combinatorial tensor models [116].
The causal-set ap-
proach [117] could in the future provide direct access to
a Lorentzian continuum limit, a.k.a. Lorentzian asymp-
totic safety [118], as could spin foam studies [119].
C.
Three systems: Single scalar, simple Yukawa,
portal to simple Yukawa dark matter
...where we specify the matter ﬁeld content of the three
distinct systems we will explore and deﬁne the truncation
of the dynamics for each case.
We consider a real scalar ﬁeld φ, featuring a Z2 sym-
metry, φ →−φ, with the truncated eﬀective action
Γscal+grav
k
=
Z
d4x √g
1
2Zφgµν∂µφ∂νφ
−

1
16πGN
+ ξφ2

R + V (φ2)

.
(4)
Similar truncations for scalar-gravity system have been
explored, e.g., in [15–18, 24, 25, 28–30].
For work on
a scalar ﬁeld in the presence of a non-minimal coupling
ξ but without quantum gravitational eﬀects with FRG
techniques, see [120].
The potential V (φ2) includes a
cosmological constant when expanded about φ = 0, such
that our truncation includes the Einstein-Hilbert action.
We will typically terminate this expansion at the quartic
order,
V (φ2) =
2¯Λ
16πGN
+ ¯m2
2 φ2 + λ4
4 φ4,
(5)
and always express our results in terms of the dimension-
less couplings
g = GN k2, λ = ¯Λ k−2, m2 = ¯m2 k−2.
(6)
Dimensionless couplings are best suited to search for
asymptotic safety in the UV. On the other hand, dimen-
sionful couplings, such as dimensionful masses can be of
interest in the IR. The rescaling Eq. (6) could beg the
question how such dimensionful couplings can be ﬁnite
in the IR, where k →0. For the limit k →0, we fo-
cus on the case in which every ﬁeld in the theory comes
with a mass (this includes the massless graviton, where
the Planck-scale serves as the mass-scale for metric ﬂuc-
tuations).
In this situation, quantum ﬂuctuations are
suppressed, once k has fallen below the mass scale. All
dimensionful quantities are then constant, since their di-
mensionless counterparts scale according to the canonical
dimension. For instance, the beta function for a dimen-
sionless mass parameter m2 becomes β2
m = −2m2, once
k2 < m2, such that all loop contributions are suppressed.
Thus, m2(k) ∼k−2. Accordingly, the dimensionful mass
¯m2 = m2k2 →const. This extends to all other couplings.
In part of what follows, the real scalar ﬁeld φ will serve
as a toy model for the SM Higgs ﬁeld. Both have in com-
mon that there are no massless Goldstone modes after
spontaneous symmetry breaking, making a Z2-symmetric
real scalar a suitable toy model to explore aspects of
Higgs physics in the FRG setup, see [121–123].
As a representative for the top quark we additionally
incorporate a single Dirac fermion in Sec. IV by including
the terms
Γferm
k
=
Z
d4x √g
 i ¯ψ /∇ψ + iy φ ¯ψψ

(7)
into our truncation for the eﬀective action, where /∇is
the Dirac operator which contains the spin connection in

---PAGE BREAK---
6
the presence of gravity. Earlier work on simple Yukawa
systems coupled to quantum gravity can be found in
[12, 26, 27, 83, 85, 124].
In Sec. V we ﬁrst consider two real scalars coupled to
gravity, labeled by v/d for a visible/dark sector. In that
section, we ﬁrst work with
Γ2−scal+grav
k
=
Z
d4√g
Zv
2 gµν∂µφv∂νφv + ¯m2
v
2 φ2
v
+λv
8 φ4
v −ξvφ2
vR −
1
16πGN
 R −2¯Λ

+Zd
2 gµν∂µφd∂νφd + ¯m2
d
2 φ2
d
+λd
8 φ4
d −ξdφ2
dR

.
(8)
The two sectors are coupled via a portal coupling
Γportal
k
=
Z
d4x √g λHP
4 φ2
vφ2
d.
(9)
In the second part of Sec. V, the visible scalar φv and
the dark scalar φd are additionally coupled to a visible
fermion ψv and a dark fermion ψd, respectively, by a
ﬂowing action of the type (7).
There, we explore the
same truncation as put forward in [35].
While obtaining the beta functions from the eﬀective
action, one encounters technical choices related to the
non-minimal coupling. One can choose both, the gauge
ﬁxing action Sgf as well as the regulator Rk to depend
on the scalar background ﬁeld.
In case of a scalar-
background dependent gauge ﬁxing, one needs to con-
sider an appropriately chosen ghost term.
We discuss
these technical aspects and give the explicit form of our
gauge ﬁxing and regulator terms in App. A. The (artiﬁ-
cial) dependence on various technical choices is relatively
mild, and does not qualitatively alter our results as we
investigate in detail in that appendix.
III.
SINGLE SCALAR
...where we search for asymptotic safety and charac-
terize its predictivity in a scalar-gravity system. We tie
our results for the ﬂattening of the scalar potential under
the impact of quantum gravity into discussions of global
symmetries, as well as slow-roll parameters.
Finally
we highlight potential phenomenological consequences in
a cosmological context, with a focus on inﬂation with
and without non-minimal coupling as well as a short
discussion of dynamical dark energy and the cosmological
constant in asymptotic safety.
In this section we concentrate on the pure scalar grav-
ity system, with its truncated ﬂowing action given by
Γk = Γscal+grav
k
+ Sgf + Sgh.
(10)
A.
Fixed-point results
...where we show ﬁxed-point results for the scalar po-
tential and non-minimal coupling. We compare the case
of the scalar-gravity system to a case with additional,
purely gravitationally coupled SM-type ﬁelds.
Finally,
we treat the gravitational couplings as free parameters,
to obtain a comprehensive overview of the predictivity of
asymptotic safety in this context.
Without additional matter degrees of freedom, the only
viable ﬁxed point present in the truncation (10) with the
expansion (5) for the scalar potential lies at
λ∗= 0.13,
g∗= 1.32,
m2
∗= λ4 ∗= ξ∗= 0.
(11)
There are indications that the inclusion of additional
matter degrees of freedom signiﬁcantly alters the grav-
itational ﬁxed-point values [125].
In fact, within the
background-ﬁeld approximation we employ here, an in-
creasing number of fermions shifts the ﬁxed-point val-
ues towards negative microscopic cosmological constant.
An eﬀective strength of gravity can be deﬁned as geﬀ=
g∗/(1 −2λ∗)#, with # > 0, as this quantity enters the
beta functions for matter couplings [74, 85]. As a func-
tion of an increasing number of fermions, the eﬀective
strength of gravity decreases. Similar results have been
found for ﬂuctuation calculations [74]. Under the impact
of the full Standard Model particle content, one obtains
the gravitational ﬁxed-point values
λ∗= −9.97,
g∗= 7.63.
(12)
To assess the eﬀect of such a shift in the gravitational cou-
plings, we study the critical exponents of the couplings
m2, λ4 and ξ at the ﬁxed point m2
∗= 0, λ4 ∗= 0, ξ∗= 0
at varying values for the gravitational couplings λ∗, g∗.
Fig. 1 shows the number of relevant directions as a func-
tion of the gravitational parameters. For the ﬁxed-point
values in Eq. (11), there are two relevant directions,
which can be associated with the scalar mass and non-
minimal coupling. In contrast, there is only one relevant
direction, associated to the mass parameter, at the ﬁxed
point in Eq. (12). A third region, with no relevant direc-
tion, would also in principle be available. The determi-
nation of the gravitational ﬁxed-point values is subject to
systematic uncertainties. Therefore, we analyze the en-
tire λ −g plane instead of focusing on ﬁxed-point values
in a particular truncation. We focus on g > 0 throughout
the paper, as g < 0 cannot be connected to a regime with
attractive gravity in the IR.
To understand why the diﬀerent regions of the λ −g
plane show diﬀerent degrees of predictivity in terms of
number of relevant directions, we will ﬁrst discuss the
critical exponents in a simple approximation, where we
assume a diagonal stability matrix, neglecting the mixing
of operators.
Then, the gravitational contribution to the anomalous
dimension for the scalar potential is always towards ir-
relevance. Given the vanishing canonical dimension of

---PAGE BREAK---
7
-15
-7.5 -2
-1.5
-1
-0.5
0
0.4
0
2
4
6
8
10
Number of
Relevant
directions
0
1
2
FIG. 1.
Number of relevant directions at the free ﬁxed
point as a function of the gravitational couplings λ∗and g∗
respectively, for the three scalar couplings (m2, λ4, ξ). The
blue triangle/red square marks the position of the ﬁxed point
Eq. (11)/(12). For larger values of the gravitational coupling
the ﬁxed point is fully irrelevant. For (large) negative values
of the cosmological constant one relevant direction turns ir-
relevant. The vertical dashed line highlights a change in the
scaling of the λ∗axis at λ∗= −2.
λ4, there is accordingly at least one irrelevant direction
everywhere in the λ −g plane. Where geﬀ= g/(1 −2λ)#
(with # > 0) is largest, the gravitational eﬀects can even
shift the mass parameter into irrelevance. In fact, geﬀis
largest for large g and 0 < λ < 1/2 and decreases, as g
and λ are lowered. Thence, the gravitational contribu-
tion to the scaling of the scalar mass parameter is larger
than its canonical dimension of 2 for
gcrit >
12π(1 −2λ)2(3 −4λ)2
159 −460λ + 352λ −16λ3 ,
(13)
see also the analysis in [15, 18].
Finally, the gravitational contribution to βξ is towards
irrelevance for λ < −0.17, as follows from an inspection of
βξ at the free matter ﬁxed point (with m2
∗= 0, λ4 ∗= 0,
ξ∗= 0),
βξ = −g 99 + 318λ −1464λ2 + 1232λ3 −96λ4
18π(1 −2λ)3(3 −4λ)2
ξ
+4 g
21 −8λ
π(3 −4λ)2 ξ2 + 54 g
5 −8λ
π(3 −4λ)2 ξ3.
(14)
The linear coeﬃcient changes sign at suﬃciently negative
λ < −0.17. This is associated to a degeneracy of zeros of
βξ (which are not ﬁxed points of the full system, except
at the degenerate point corresponding to the free ﬁxed
point.)
These two boundaries, namely λ < −0.17 and g > gcrit,
become deformed once we lift the simple approximation
and consider oﬀ-diagonal contributions in the stability
matrix. Nevertheless, a “strong-gravity” island with no
relevant directions (the deformation of the g > gcrit
boundary), and a region with only one relevant direc-
tion for suﬃciently negative λ (the deformation of the
λ < −0.17 line) are still visible in Fig. 1.
If the gravitational coupling values fall in the strong-
gravity regime, then all of the couplings in the scalar
sector are irrelevant at the ﬁxed point. Along the full
ﬂow towards the IR , i.e., at all k, their value is pre-
dicted. In particular, the scalar potential is predicted to
remain ﬂat in this scenario. Outside of the strong-gravity
regime, every relevant direction can start to deviate from
its ﬁxed point value at some ﬁnite scale ktr. The corre-
sponding (linear combination of) coupling(s) can take a
range of values in the IR and needs to be determined
by observation. Once all relevant couplings are ﬁxed the
theory becomes fully predictive.
B.
Three perspectives on ﬂat scalar potentials in
quantum gravity
...where we interpret the ﬁxed-point results of the pre-
vious subsection in light of the more general question
about global symmetries in quantum gravity, explain how
our results provide a hint for a mechanism of gravita-
tional ﬂattening of scalar potentials and ﬁnally rewrite
our scale-dependent potential in terms of scale-dependent
slow-roll-inspired parameters, in order to provide a more
straightforward link of our results to cosmological set-
tings.
1.
Global symmetries
The fate of global symmetries in quantum gravity is
an intriguing open question. Arguments suggesting the
violation of global symmetries through quantum gravita-
tional eﬀects have been put forward in [126–129] and sub-
stantiated to some extent in the context of the AdS/CFT
conjecture [130, 131], in particular in relation to the
weak-gravity conjecture [132], see also [133] for a review.
In several other approaches to quantum gravity, less is
known about this question – in part as a consequence
of the general diﬃculty to account for matter degrees of
freedom in many approaches to quantum gravity. As one
example, conﬂicting results on the realization of chiral
symmetry in a fermion sector coupled to Loop Quantum
Gravity exist in the literature [134, 135]. In an asymp-
totically safe context, the situation is diﬀerent: many
diﬀerent gravity-matter systems that feature global sym-
metries in the matter sector have been explored, see, e.g.,
[24, 25, 82, 84–86]. All results in truncations of the Eu-
clidean RG ﬂow support the conclusion that quantum
gravitational ﬂuctuations at ﬁxed topology do not lead
to a violation of global symmetries, see also the discus-
sion in [136]. Let us highlight two potential caveats of
these results: Firstly, Euclidean and Lorentzian quantum
gravity could diﬀer when it comes to the fate of global

---PAGE BREAK---
8
symmetries. Secondly, it could be the expansion to ﬁnite
orders in the ﬂuctuation ﬁeld hµν that prevents global-
symmetry-violating terms to become visible in the RG
ﬂow. Yet, within Euclidean Dynamical Triangulations,
one also ﬁnds that shift-symmetry is left intact by quan-
tum gravitational ﬂuctuations [137]. This suggests that
the non-violation of global symmetries in the FRG set-
ting is not a consequence of truncations to ﬁnite order
in the gravitational ﬂuctuation ﬁeld at ﬁxed topology. A
ﬁrst result in [138] suggests that the presence of topo-
logical ﬂuctuations might change the picture. Here, we
remain conservative in that topological ﬂuctuations are
not taken into account.
We discuss the ﬁxed point in Eq. (11) from the per-
spective of global symmetries: Firstly, the Z2 symmetry
of the scalar ﬁeld is respected by quantum gravitational
ﬂuctuations. This follows, as the rhs of the ﬂow equation
vanishes when projected onto ﬁeld monomials with an
uneven power of φ. Secondly, the shift symmetry of the
scalar kinetic term, φ →φ + a, is respected by the ﬂow.
This is an example of how all global symmetries mani-
fested in the kinetic term of a matter ﬁeld are respected
by quantum gravity, see [85]. Hence, the Z2- and shift-
symmetric hypersurface in theory space is a ﬁxed hyper-
surface under the RG ﬂow. This does not automatically
imply that there must be a ﬁxed point in this hypersur-
face, as there are derivative-interactions compatible with
shift-symmetry and Z2 symmetry. These are generically
nonzero in the presence of asymptotically safe gravity
[28, 85]. They are however not guaranteed to feature a
ﬁxed point. Since these are neglected in our truncation,
there must be a ﬁxed point respecting Z2- and shift sym-
metry in our truncated theory space, i.e., a ﬁxed point at
vanishing scalar potential2, as found in Eq. (11) and pre-
viously in [11, 12, 15, 18, 24, 25, 29, 30, 39, 124]. Beyond,
additional ﬁxed points at nonvanishing potential might
in principle also exist, but turn out to require the pres-
ence of additional matter ﬁelds, e.g., fermions coupled
through a Yukawa term, see Sec. IV.
2.
The gravity-induced ﬂow towards ﬂatness and
predictivity
In our truncation, shift symmetry guarantees the exis-
tence of a ﬁxed point corresponding to a ﬂat potential and
vanishing non-minimal coupling. The subsequent press-
ing question is whether combined ﬂuctuations of gravity
and matter drive the system away from this ﬁxed point
2 The inclusion of derivative-interactions is generically determined
by the following pattern of quantum-gravity induced interac-
tions: As long as gravitational interactions are suﬃciently weak,
there is a real ﬁxed point for such interactions, which is the
shifted Gaußian ﬁxed point, at which they remain irrelevant
[82, 85].
At strong enough gravitational interactions, some of
the induced interactions no longer feature a real ﬁxed point, see,
e.g., [83, 85, 139].
or towards it. This information is encoded in the number
of relevant directions, shown as a function of the gravita-
tional parameters in Fig. 1. Among the three couplings
m2, λ4 and ξ, at least one combination is always irrel-
evant.
This implies that ﬂowing from the ﬁxed point
towards the IR, at least one of the three couplings is
ﬁxed in terms of the others. In fact, under the assump-
tion of a diagonal stability matrix, the quartic coupling
is required to vanish at all scales, preventing a φ4-type
deviation from ﬂatness.
Additionally, there are regions in the λ−g plane, where
two or even all three of the couplings m2, λ4 and ξ are ir-
relevant, cf. Fig. 1. In these regions, the gravity-induced
ﬂow is towards ﬂatness; all perturbations away from ﬂat-
ness are irrelevant and therefore excluded. In the regime
with no relevant directions, the “resurgence mechanism”
for the scalar mass becomes applicable, which could pro-
vide a dynamical mechanism for the mass hierarchy be-
tween the electroweak scale and Planck scale [11].
Each irrelevant direction also restricts settings in which
the initial conditions at kUV > MPl are chosen away
from the ﬁxed point as in eﬀective asymptotic safety, see
Sec. II A: ﬂowing towards MPl, an irrelevant direction is
IR-attractive, the RG ﬂow is driven towards the ﬁxed-
point value.
The simplest case is that of no relevant
directions in which case the ﬂat potential and vanish-
ing non-minimal coupling are fully IR attractive: quan-
tum ﬂuctuations drive the RG ﬂow towards m2(MPl) ≈
0, λ4(MPl) ≈0, ξ(MPl) ≈0.
With increasing ratio
kUV/MPl, this prediction becomes sharper; see [51] for
a quantitative measure of predictivity in such a setting.
As an upshot, quantum-gravity ﬂuctuations could drive
scalar potentials towards ﬂatness also in eﬀective asymp-
totic safety, i.e., in presence of a UV scale of new physics.
3.
Small slow-roll parameters from asymptotic safety
The ﬂattening of scalar potentials could be of relevance
for scalar ﬁelds in cosmological settings, such as inﬂation.
In this context, a description in terms of the slow-roll
parameters is commonly applied. To relate to that, we re-
express our results in a similar terminology by rewriting
the ﬂow equation for the scalar potential in terms of the
dimensionless quantities
ϵi =
1
k4−i
∂iV (φ2)
∂φi
,
(15)
which are inspired by the standard slow-roll parameters.
Their physical values are those at k = 0, when all quan-
tum ﬂuctuations are integrated out. At k ≈MPl, quan-
tum gravitational ﬂuctuations decouple from the ﬂow,
and the remaining evolution is determined by quantum
ﬂuctuations of the scalar ﬁeld, only. We work within the
approximation ξ = 0, which is self-consistent in the vicin-
ity of the ﬁxed point ξ∗= 0 and additionally neglect the
scalar anomalous dimension.
The scale dependence of
the potential is given in App. B and determines the ﬂow

---PAGE BREAK---
9
of the ϵi by the appropriate derivatives with respect to
the scalar ﬁeld. The beta functions for the ϵi are explic-
itly ﬁeld dependent, since they can be understood as the
ﬂowing coeﬃcients of a local Taylor expansion of the po-
tential at ﬁnite values of the ﬁeld. The ﬂow of ϵi depends
on ϵi+1 and ϵi+2. We truncate this hierarchy by setting
ϵi = 0 ∀i > 2. As expected, the system exhibits a ﬁxed
point with ﬂat potential, ϵi, ∗= 0 that can be traced back
to the ﬁxed point (11), and no other ﬁxed points. The
critical exponents encode whether the low-energy limit
of this setting has any free parameters which allow the
potential to deviate from ﬂatness. For φ/k ∼O(1) the
corresponding RG ﬂows are shown in Fig. 2. At a ﬁxed
point with vanishing Newton coupling g∗= 0, both ϵ1,2
would be relevant, as expected from their canonical mass
dimension. The leading term in g in all critical exponents
is
θ(i) = −2(51 −144λ + 104λ2)
3π(3 −4λ)2(1 −2λ)2 g,
(16)
which is negative for all λ ∈(−∞, 0.5).
Hence, as g∗
increases, the ϵi one by one become irrelevant and are
thereby required to be small as a consequence of quantum
gravity ﬂuctuations.
C.
Outlook on potential phenomenological
consequences
...where we discuss some of the potential implications
our ﬁndings might have for inﬂation and (dynamical)
dark energy in an asymptotically safe context.
While
these results are obtained in a truncation of the Eu-
clidean dynamics, they tentatively hint at the potential
constraining/predictive power of asymptotic safety in
cosmology.
Scalar ﬁelds appear in many cosmological applications
and our results might entail certain features that could
arise in these settings as a consequence of asymptotic
safety. These types of study are relevant for various rea-
sons.
Results of such studies can serve as a theoreti-
cal principle that distinguishes between eﬀective models
(e.g., in the context of dark matter or dark energy) with
or without a quantum-ﬁeld theoretic UV completion3.
The availability of such an asymptotically safe UV com-
pletion is expected to come with an enhanced predic-
tive power. On the one hand, this can connect asymp-
totically safe gravity to observations, making observa-
tional consistency tests or even the search for “smoking-
gun” signatures possible. On the other hand, the poten-
tial constraining power of a given UV completion, e.g.,
3 A related idea is being explored within the eﬀective ﬁeld theory
setting, where, e.g., certain deﬁnitions of locality and/or unitar-
ity are demanded of a viable UV completion and serve to restrict
the eﬀective ﬁeld theories, see, e.g., [140, 141].
0.00 0.02 0.04 0.06 0.08 0.10
-0.10
-0.05
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.00 0.02 0.04 0.06 0.08 0.10
-0.10
-0.05
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.00 0.02 0.04 0.06 0.08 0.10
-0.10
-0.05
0.00
0.05
0.10
-0.3
-0.15
0
0.15
0.3
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
(a)
(b)
(c)
Number of
relevant
directions
0
1
2
FIG. 2.
(top) The ﬂow of ϵ1 and ϵ2 at various values of g∗,
with λ∗given by the ﬁxed point (11) and φ/k = 1. For larger
values of g∗, the ﬁxed point exhibits fewer relevant directions.
(bottom) The number of relevant direction as a function of
λ∗and g∗. The three markers indicate the values for (λ∗, g∗)
represented in the panels at the top of this ﬁgure, and (a)-(c)
label the three regions explained in more detail in the text.

---PAGE BREAK---
10
asymptotic safety, might provide guidance for observa-
tional searches, as it could (dis)favor certain regions of
the EFT-parameter space.
Let us highlight that, as opposed to an eﬀective-ﬁeld-
theory setting, transplanckian excursions of the inﬂaton
are not expected to be problematic in an asymptotically
safe context. In particular, transplanckian imprints on
inﬂationary observables could arise. Asymptotic safety
might therefore not be restricted by the transplanckian
censorship conjecture [142–144].
1.
Towards asymptotically safe consequences for the
inﬂaton
...where we use results on the behavior of the deriva-
tives of the potential from Sec. III B 3 in the context
of inﬂation.
We ﬁrst focus on the possibility that
quantum-gravity ﬂuctuations might yield a ﬂattened
inﬂaton potential. In a second step, we explore whether
the predictive power of asymptotic safety might make
the observed amplitude of scalar ﬂuctuations a critical
observational test of the asymptotic-safety scenario for a
gravity-inﬂaton system.
The near-scale-invariance of the spectrum of primor-
dial scalar perturbations might be interpreted as a hint
towards scale invariance as a guiding principle for in-
ﬂationary model building [38, 145–154].
Within the
quantum-scale invariant framework of asymptotic safety,
the scalar degree of freedom that arises in f(R) theories
and is present in corresponding truncations of the gravi-
tational action, has been explored as a driver of inﬂation
[155–159]. An RG-improvement procedure within a toy-
model has been used to calculate inﬂationary parameters
from this setting, see [160] for a review as well as [72] for
a critical discussion of RG improvement.
Here, we follow an alternative route, and include an ad-
ditional scalar as the inﬂaton. We consider the “vanilla”
model of inﬂation, a scalar that does not couple to any of
the (B)SM degrees of freedom except for a non-minimal
coupling to gravity. Potential derivative-couplings of the
inﬂaton to (B)SM ﬁelds that are expected in an asymp-
totically safe setting [28, 85, 86] will be neglected here,
motivated by their canonical irrelevance.
Asymptotic
safety ﬁxes several of the parameters determining the in-
ﬂaton potential, as well as potentially the non-minimal
coupling. In fact, the non-minimal coupling ξ vanishes at
the asymptotically safe UV ﬁxed point. We ﬁrst explore
the approximation that ξ remains negligible at all scales,
before exploring the case with nonvanishing ξ below.
Inﬂation with vanishing non-minimal coupling?
From observations, the deviation from scale-invariance
of the spectrum of primordial scalar ﬂuctuations, ns −1,
the tensor-to-scalar ratio r and the amplitude of scalar
ﬂuctuations As can be inferred or constrained, respec-
tively, see, e.g., [48] for the most recent results. In turn,
these quantities are calculable in a given inﬂationary set-
ting, and depend on the potential as well as its ﬁrst
and second derivative. For vanishing non-minimal cou-
pling, our study of the slow-roll-inspired parameters ϵi,
see Sec. III B 3, is applicable. The value of the poten-
tial (typically evaluated at vanishing ﬁeld) always cor-
responds to a relevant direction, i.e., its IR value can
be chosen freely, and corresponds to a cosmological con-
stant. Within our truncation, there are three regimes to
distinguish, cf. Fig. 2, where a) the ﬁrst and second, b)
the second, c) neither the ﬁrst nor the second derivates
of the inﬂaton potential are ﬁxed in the IR by demand-
ing asymptotic safety in the UV. In regime a), where all
derivatives of the scalar potential are ﬁxed by asymptotic
safety, the potential stays completely ﬂat and inﬂation
does not exit gracefully. In the second regime, b), the
ﬁrst derivative of the scalar potential remains a free pa-
rameter, as it corresponds to a relevant direction of the
ﬁxed point. The dimensionless second derivative is pre-
dicted as a function of the ﬁrst, cf. separatrix in the sec-
ond panel of Fig. 2. Interestingly, the second derivative,
ϵ2 is driven to negative values, favoring concave poten-
tials as are indeed also favored by the data, cf. Fig. 8
in [48]. At this point, we do not embark on a quantita-
tive comparison with actual data, due to the systematic
limitations of our study, and simply stress that the pre-
dictive power of this setting could in the future allow for
powerful comparison with data. In addition to an inves-
tigation of the ﬂatness of the potential, the amplitude of
the primordial perturbations provides a further test (see
below).
Additionally, the least predictive of the three regimes,
c), remains, where the ﬁxed point is IR repulsive in both
the ﬁrst and second derivative of the potential and no
predictions about their IR values can be derived from
asymptotic safety. In this regime, the observed values of
r and ns can potentially be accommodated, leaving us
with the amplitude As. It is ﬁxed by the value of the po-
tential, measured at the value of the ﬁeld corresponding
to CMB scales. Within asymptotic safety, this quantity
corresponds to a relevant direction and can therefore be
chosen freely. However, late-time observations can con-
strain it: In the absence of an additional scalar ﬁeld,
i.e., dynamical dark energy, the free parameter has to be
chosen such as to provide the correct value of the cosmo-
logical constant.
In the inﬂationary context, it is particularly worth-
while to consider the scenario of eﬀective asymptotic
safety, cf. Sec. II A, see, e.g., [50, 51], see also [52]: In this
scenario, a ﬁnite UV scale of new physics, ΛUV > MPl
exists, beyond which a (non quantum ﬁeld theoretic) UV
completion is valid. Below ΛUV, the gravity-matter RG
ﬂow provides an eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory description of the
microphysics. In this case, the initial value of the po-
tential and its derivatives is speciﬁed at ΛUV by the UV
completion. The gravity-matter RG ﬂow then drives the
derivatives of the scalar potential towards smaller val-
ues, when the UV values of the Newton coupling and
cosmological constant fall into the dark gray region in

---PAGE BREAK---
11
Fig. 2.
While quantitative statements rely on the de-
tails of the UV completion, we conclude that asymptotic
safety could provide a mechanism that drives potentials
towards ﬂatness, and thus potentially towards an agree-
ment with the data. Therefore, asymptotic safety might
provide a mechanism to lift models out of the string-
theoretic swampland into the string-theoretic landscape,
see also [50].
We also point out that this might imply that criteria
that have been proposed as indications for the possibility
of eternal inﬂation [161] might be realized in an asymp-
totically safe context.
Inﬂation with nonvanishing non-minimal coupling?
Going beyond the approximation ξ = 0 in the previous
paragraph, we also explore inﬂation with a nonzero value
of the non-minimal coupling. In this case, a conformal
transformation from the Jordan frame (which features a
non-minimal φ2R term) to the Einstein frame (which is
minimally coupled) is typically made to analyze the sys-
tem, and our study of the derivatives of the potential
does not apply since we worked at ξ = 0 in that anal-
ysis. Instead, we now assume that the potential can be
parameterized fully in terms of ξ, m and λ4, including
at large ﬁeld values. Within our truncation, the follow-
ing description then holds. Observationally, the case of
a purely polynomial potential of order two or four with-
out non-minimal coupling is ruled out by the exceedingly
large tensor-to-scalar ratio [42]. Therefore, a ﬁnite value
of the non-minimal coupling is required.
We ﬁrst ne-
glect the scalar mass, setting m2 = 0. To match the ob-
served amplitude of primordial scalar ﬂuctuations, one
needs to adjust the magnitude of the Einstein frame po-
tential. In a simple approximation; we require a ratio of
λ4/ξ2 ∼O(10−9) to do so. As we ﬁnd no indication for
the existence of an interacting ﬁxed point with ﬁnite ξ,
the ﬁnite value of ξ would need to be generated along the
ﬂow away from the ﬁxed point (11).
There are two distinct regimes of the RG ﬂow:
a) transplanckian, matter-gravity-driven ﬂow away
from the ﬁxed point,
b) subplanckian, purely matter-driven ﬂow.
For the regime a), there are two cases to distinguish:
For a suﬃciently large ﬁxed-point value of the cosmo-
logical constant λ, the non-minimal coupling has overlap
with a relevant direction, cf. light blue region in Fig. 1.
As the upper panel in Fig. 3 highlights, the ﬁxed-point
trajectory that reaches a ﬁnite ξ, does not saﬁsfy the re-
lation λ4/ξ2 ∼10−9. Instead, a linearization of the crit-
ical surface around the ﬁxed point approximately yields
λ4/ξ2 ∼O(−10−2).
For suﬃciently negative λ, there are two irrelevant, i.e.,
IR attractive directions that overlap with λ4 and ξ,
cf. light gray region in Fig. 1. In this case, the values
of λ4 and ξ remain at zero, i.e., quantum-gravity ﬂuctu-
ations drive λ4 and ξ back to zero, even if they deviate
from it, cf. lower panel in Fig. 3.
-0.010
-0.005
0.000
0.005
0.010
-0.010
-0.005
0.000
0.005
0.010
ξ
λ4
-0.04
-0.02
0.00
0.02
0.04
-0.04
-0.02
0.00
0.02
0.04
ξ
λ4
FIG. 3.
We show the ﬂow towards the IR in the ξ −λ4 plane
at g = 1 for λ = 0 (upper panel) and λ = −1 (lower panel)
and vanishing scalar mass. The thick green lines in the upper
panel indicate the two ﬁxed-point trajectories which result in
negative λ4 as ξ grows only touch the relation λ4 ∼10−9ξ2,
indicated in red dotted, in the ﬁxed point. The green dot in
the lower panel indicates the ﬁxed point, which is IR attrac-
tive in the ξ −λ4 plane. Accordingly, the phenomenological
relation λ4 ∼10−9ξ2 cannot be satisﬁed in this case.
In both cases, this transplanckian, matter-gravity-
driven ﬂow is followed by the second regime b). In this
matter-driven regime, there is a ﬁxed line at ﬁnite ξ and
vanishing λ4. It is a consequence of the fact that at van-
ishing λ4, the beta function for ξ vanishes identically, as
βξ

no gravity =
λ4
64π2 (1 + 12ξ).
(17)

---PAGE BREAK---
12
-0.4
-0.3
-0.2
-0.1
0.0
0.1
0.2
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
ξ
λ4
FIG. 4.
We show the ﬂow towards the IR in the ξ −λ4 plane
at g = 0 for vanishing scalar mass. On the λ4 = 0 line, the
ﬂow vanishes identically.
The ﬁxed line itself does not satisfy the phenomeno-
logical relation λ4 ∼10−9ξ2, as it lies at vanishing λ4.
The ﬂow away from this ﬁxed line leads to negative λ4,
cf. Fig. 4, whereas the ﬁxed line is IR attractive from the
regime of positive λ4. While no conclusions about global
stability can be drawn from a polynomial expansion of
the potential around vanishing ﬁeld, a destabilization
around the origin is indicated by such a ﬂow.
Overall, we conclude that the phenomenological rela-
tion λ4 ∼10−9ξ2 that results in an amplitude of scalar
perturbations in agreement with observations appears to
be diﬃcult to reconcile with an asymptotically safe UV
completion with gravity within our truncation. The limi-
tations of our study, lying mainly in its Euclidean nature
and choice of truncation, should be kept in mind when
interpreting this result.
Having highlighted the potential diﬃculties with a po-
tential which features a quartic coupling, let us instead
consider the case of a purely quadratic potential, λ4 = 0.
The two remaining parameters need to take on values
m2 ∼O(10−11) and ξ ∼O(10−3) in order to be compat-
ible with observations [162]. However, these values are
incompatible within our set of beta functions: the non-
vanishing value of ξ induces a value of λ4 large enough
to jeopardize the shape of the potential, as Fig. 4 high-
lights that one cannot ﬂow to ﬁnite ξ while remaining
at λ4 = 0, at least in the presence of quantum-gravity
ﬂuctuations.
We tentatively conclude that the situation does not
appear promising for a “vanilla” model of inﬂation with a
single scalar ﬁeld. In general it appears to be challenging
to reconcile the potential predictive power of asymptotic
safety with a given value of the amplitude of primordial
scalar perturbations. This situation might change in two-
ﬁeld models, and, as emphasized before, our tentative
conclusions should be interpreted within the limitations
of our study. Nevertheless, these results might provide
further motivation to instead focus on inﬂation driven by
the R2 coupling within asymptotic safety [156, 158, 163–
165].
2.
Towards asymptotically safe consequences for dynamical
dark energy
...where
we
explore
potential
asymptotically
safe
consequences for dark energy; highlighting the role of the
cosmological constant and emphasizing the possibility
that quantum gravity ﬂuctuations could drive scalar
potentials towards ﬂatness.
A scalar might be responsible for the accelerated ex-
pansion of the late universe, see, e.g., [166, 167]. Scale
symmetry is a valuable guiding principle to construct vi-
able dark-energy models [145–147, 150, 168–170]. Poten-
tial implications of quantum scale symmetry, i.e., asymp-
totic safety, for dynamical dark energy have been ex-
plored, e.g., in [37, 38, 171–173]. The notion that dif-
ferent scales in physics decouple could be taken to sug-
gest that the late-time acceleration of the observable uni-
verse is completely decoupled from the physics of quan-
tum gravity. Various quantum-gravity approaches have
contested that statement. For instance, the everpresent-
Lambda proposal [174], rooted in causal sets [117, 175],
is a proposal that has been related to observations [176]
and the swampland conjectures, see [133] for a review,
in string theory and their implications for late-time cos-
mology are a topic of intense discussions [177–179] with
the potential to put observational pressure [43–46] on the
underlying theory [180]. The swampland conjectures, if
realized, would exclude a cosmological constant by con-
straining the derivative of scalar potentials to be larger
than an O(1) constant divided by an appropriate power
of the Planck scale [177, 178]. This indicates a preference
for steeper potentials.
The situation appears to be somewhat diﬀerent in asymp-
totic safety, judging by results within truncations of the
full RG ﬂow: Firstly, a positive cosmological constant of
the correct size to agree with observations can be reached
along RG trajectories emanating from the asymptotically
safe ﬁxed point in truncations [181, 182]. Secondly, scalar
potentials tend to become ﬂattened under the impact of
asymptotically safe quantum gravity, as discussed above,
see Sec. III B 2. The ﬁxed-point potential for a scalar that
is coupled only to gravity and not to any other ﬁelds is
ﬂat within our truncation; furthermore the non-minimal
coupling vanishes. The shape of the full eﬀective poten-
tial at k ≈0, which encodes the physics of asymptotic
safety, depends on the number of relevant directions as-

---PAGE BREAK---
13
sociated to this ﬁxed point: Depending on the strength
of the gravitational eﬀects, all couplings associated to the
potential as well as the non-minimal coupling are irrele-
vant, cf. Fig. 1. In this region (the dark grey region in
Fig. 1), the potential remains ﬂat at all scales, and the
full eﬀective potential is constant. This would imply a
cosmological behavior for the scalar dominated by a cos-
mological constant.
In a second region, the light grey region in Fig. 1, which
contains the gravitational ﬁxed point under the impact
of minimally coupled matter [125] in our truncation, only
the scalar mass is relevant, allowing a quadratic eﬀective
potential.
In a third region, the light blue region in Fig. 1, in
which gravitational ﬁxed-point values tend to lie when
the impact of matter is not accounted for, the mass
and the non-minimal coupling are relevant; therefore a
quadratic eﬀective potential together with a nonvanish-
ing non-minimal coupling can be achieved at k ≈0.
Therefore we tentatively conclude that the asymptotic-
safety scenario could a priori be compatible with diﬀer-
ent eﬀective potentials for dark energy, depending on the
gravitational ﬁxed-point values. In all cases, a ﬂat eﬀec-
tive potential is compatible with the ﬁxed-point scenario
within our truncation, together with a small cosmologi-
cal constant. Therefore, deviations from w = −1, where
w is the equation-of-state-parameter, can potentially be
accommodated by using relevant directions of the ﬁxed
point. Nevertheless, w = −1 appears to be preferred in
that a cosmological constant is always present in asymp-
totic safety.
In all regions of the gravitational param-
eter space in our truncation, deviations from w = −1,
linked to various terms in the scalar eﬀective potential,
are actually constrained due to the predictive power of
the asymptotically safe ﬁxed point. Again, we highlight
that these conclusions regarding phenomenology should
be viewed in light of the Euclidean signature of our stud-
ies.
Besides a ﬁxed-point scenario, we can also use our cal-
culation of the gravitational eﬀects in an eﬀective-ﬁeld-
theory setting, where a ﬁnite UV cutoﬀΛUV exists at
a transplanckian scale.
Such an ”eﬀective-asymptotic
safety” scenario, cf. Sec. II A, has been discussed, e.g.,
in [50, 52].
At ΛUV, the underlying microscopic the-
ory provides the initial conditions for the RG ﬂow. In
the range of scales between ΛUV and MPl, gravitational
ﬂuctuations drive the ﬂow. Fig. 5 showcases how gravita-
tional ﬂuctuations drive the slow-roll-inspired parameters
ϵ1 and ϵ2 (cf. Sec. III B 3) to zero, as soon as the gravita-
tional couplings g and λ fall into the dark grey region in
Fig. 1. Below the Planck scale, where gravitational ﬂuc-
tuations decouple dynamically, scalar ﬂuctuations then
drive the ﬂow of ϵ1 and ϵ2 towards larger values again.
This part of the ﬂow is also present in a theory in which
ΛUV = MPl, i.e., where quantum gravitational ﬂuctu-
ations do not impact the scalar potential. We observe
that the larger the ratio ΛUV/MPl, the smaller the ϵi at
MPl and thus in the IR, ultimately resulting in a ﬂat-
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
10-8
10-6
10-4
0.01
FIG. 5.
We show the ﬂow towards the IR for ϵ1, ϵ2 for
various starting values at trans-planckian scales at φ/k = 1.
The solid/dashed/dashed-dotted lines correspond to diﬀerent
initial conditions in the UV. The values of the gravitational
couplings g = 1.5 and λ = 0.13 lie in the dark grey region
in Fig. 2, i.e., region a).
They are held constant here for
simplicity. As long as gravitational contributions are active,
the ﬂow heads towards ﬂatter scalar potentials. For large ϵi,
our truncation of setting ϵi = 0, i ≥3, is expected to break
down.
ter eﬀective potential. Therefore a scenario as proposed
in [50] might have the added consequence of ﬂattening
the potential for dynamical dark energy coming out of
string theory.
It would be interesting to explore this
quantitatively and compare the ratio V ′/V from string
theory with and without an intermediate asymptotically
safe QFT regime with gravitational ﬂuctuations.
IV.
SIMPLE YUKAWA MODEL FOR THE
HIGGS-TOP SYSTEM
...where we focus on a simple Yukawa system as a
toy model for the Higgs-top sector under the impact
of quantum gravity.
We investigate the stability of
previous results, indicating a potential mechanism to ﬁx
the top-quark mass from asymptotic safety [13], under
the inclusion of the non-minimal coupling. Further, we
explore whether within the present truncation, Higgs
inﬂation could be compatible with asymptotic safety.
As a step towards a more SM-like scalar sector, we in-
clude a single Dirac fermion that captures the qualitative
eﬀects of the top quark. This amounts to studying the
ﬂowing action
Γk = Γscal+grav
k
+ Γferm
k
+ Sgf + Sgh.
(18)
Herein, Γscal+grav
k
stands for the single-scalar-gravity
action in Eq. (4) and Γferm
k
is given by Eq. (7).
The
above model neglects the chiral SU(2) structure that is
present in the coupling of the top and bottom quark to

---PAGE BREAK---
14
the Higgs, resulting in numerical diﬀerences of various
factors in the beta functions. Nevertheless, as a precur-
sor to a more realistic chiral Higgs-top-bottom model as
analyzed with the FRG in [183] and under the impact of
quantum gravity in [13, 14, 184], the model with a sin-
gle real scalar and a Dirac fermion can already provide
valuable insights into potential asymptotic-safety mech-
anisms.
Various aspects of the interplay of quantum gravity
with fermions have previously been studied in [60, 74,
82, 84, 88, 185–188]. Yukawa systems under the impact
of asymptotically safe gravity have been explored in [12–
14, 26, 27, 83, 85, 124, 184, 189].
In [85], it was ﬁrst
proposed that asymptotic safety might allow to calculate
the top quark mass; the proposal was extended to a chiral
top-bottom system in [14] and to three generations of
quarks with CKM mixing in [184].
A.
Eﬀects of Fermions
...where we provide additional contributions to beta
functions in the literature arising from the non-minimal
coupling and focus on the number of relevant directions
in the simple Yukawa system. This provides an indica-
tion for the predictivity that quantum gravity generates
in this matter system.
To compute fermion contributions, we apply similar
techniques as before: we evaluate traces either in mo-
mentum space or using explicit summation over the spec-
trum, depending on our interest in the curvature depen-
dence of the result. For the relevant expressions regard-
ing the evaluation with spectral methods we again refer
to [61, 64] for the corresponding expressions, while stress-
ing the importance to use an appropriate cutoﬀterm for
the fermions, as discussed in [60]. In particular, for the
fermionic ﬂuctuations, the regulator is chosen as a func-
tion of the Dirac operator, cf. Eq. (A17).
A closed fermion loop contributes
∆∂t
 V (φ)/k4
=
−1
8π2(1 + y2φ2/k2),
(19)
to the ﬂow of the potential V (φ) and a factor
∆∂t

1
16πg + ξφ2/k2

=
−1
48π2(1 + y2φ2/k2),
(20)
to the ﬂow of the prefactor of the Ricci scalar, respec-
tively.
Herein, the notation signiﬁes that the full ﬂow
of these quantities is given by the previous result from
the single-scalar section, plus the contribution (19), or
(20), respectively.
These results agree with the ones
reported in [12, 16].
Additionally, the Yukawa cou-
pling contributes to the scalar anomalous dimension via
a fermionic loop, as well as to the fermion anomalous
dimension via a scalar sunset-type diagram. We adopt
the expressions for these universal contributions from
Ref. [85].
FIG. 6.
Diagrams that contain contributions from the
non-minimal coupling, contributing to the Yukawa coupling.
Curly lines represent gravitons, dashed lines represent scalars,
and the crossed circle represents a regulator insertion.
In our truncation, the Yukawa beta function at van-
ishing scalar mass m2 = 0 takes the form
βy =
5
16π2 y3 −fy y,
(21)
with fy capturing the eﬀect of gravitational contributions
and
fy = f min
y
+ ∆f (1)
y
+ ∆f (2)
y .
(22)
Herein f min
y
agrees with [85], given by
f min
y
= −g(96 −235λ + 103λ2 + 56λ3)
12π(3 −4λ)2(1 −2λ)2
.
(23)
Additionally, the two diagrams depicted in Fig. 6 contain
parts proportional to the non-minimal coupling. The cor-
responding contributions to fy read
∆f (1)
y
= −g 24(1 −ηh
8 )ξ
π(3 −4λ)2 −g 8(1 −ηφ
8 )ξ
π(3 −4λ) ,
(24)
and
∆f (2)
y
= g 108(1 −ηh
9 )ξ
7π(3 −4λ)2 + g 36(1 −ηφ
9 )ξ
7π(3 −4λ)
+ g 18(1 −ηψ
8 )ξ
7π(3 −4λ) .
(25)
All corresponding expressions including the scalar mass
are lengthier and can be found in App. C.
For fy < 0, the only ﬁxed point for the Yukawa cou-
pling at ﬁnite gravitational ﬁxed-point values is the free
one, y∗= 0. Indeed, fy < 0 is realized for the values
of the gravitational couplings in the vicinity of the ﬁxed
point (11).
Therefore, this ﬁxed point persists in the
larger theory space extended by an additional fermion,
and enforces y∗= 0, see also [83]. The gravitational cou-
pling values at that ﬁxed point are
g∗= 3.2
λ∗= −0.146.
(26)
The critical exponents of the combined system are
θ(1) = 2.92
θ(2) = 0.728
θ(3/4) = 0.0921 ± 1.58i
θ(5) = −0.524
θ(6) = −1.94.
(27)

---PAGE BREAK---
15
-15
-7.5 -2
-1.5
-1
-0.5
0
0.4
0
2
4
6
8
10
Number of
relevant
directions
0
1
2
3
FIG. 7.
We show the number of relevant directions in the
y, λ4, m2, ξ-subspace as a function of the gravitational cou-
plings g, λ at the ﬁxed point with vanishing matter couplings.
There are no relevant directions in the dark gray area, one
relevant direction in the light gray area, and two relevant di-
rections in both light blue area. In the lighter blue area at
negative λ, the Yukawa coupling is relevant at the GFP, in-
dicating the existence of an interacting ﬁxed point at which
it is irrelevant, as in [13]. The dashed gray line at λ∗= −2
marks a diﬀerence in the scaling of the λ∗-axis.
The blue
triangle/red square indicate the ﬁxed points (26)/(12), i.e.,
without/with the eﬀect of minimally coupled SM ﬁelds.
The ﬁrst two critical exponents are associated with the
gravitational couplings, the next two relevant directions
are associated with the mass parameter and the non-
minimal coupling, the last two with the quartic coupling
and the Yukawa coupling. The small changes compared
to the values in (11) arise due to the impact of the
additional Dirac fermion.
Varying the gravitational ﬁxed-point values, for mod-
erately negative values of −3.3 < λ∗< −0.6 (at g∗given
by (12)) the Gaußian matter ﬁxed point exhibits one rel-
evant direction associated with the scalar mass, imply-
ing a vanishing Yukawa coupling at all scales, cf. Fig. 7.
This is challenging to reconcile with the presence of ﬁnite
fermion masses, generated through the Higgs mechanism,
in the SM, cf. [83, 85, 189].
For λ∗≲−3.3, the gravity-induced anomalous dimen-
sion of the Yukawa coupling becomes positive, fy > 0.
The gravitational ﬁxed-point values incorporating all SM
degrees of freedom (12) fall into this regime in the trun-
cation studied in [125]. The Gaußian ﬁxed point features
two relevant directions for the matter couplings, associ-
ated with the scalar mass parameter and a relevant di-
rection in the canonically marginal couplings. The ﬁxed
point has critical exponents
θ(1) = 3.98
θ(2) = 1.97
θ(3) = 1.92
θ(4) = 0.0107
θ(5) = −0.0185
θ(6) = −0.038.
(28)
At the same time, a new ﬁxed point emerges that will be
the focus of the next subsection.
B.
Comparison to the case without non-minimal
coupling: Impact on predictions of the fermion mass
...where we investigate the robustness of results from
[13] that indicate that (an upper bound on) the top quark
mass might be calculable from asymptotic safety, and
study the impact of the non-minimal coupling on the
fermion-mass prediction.
For λ∗< −3.3 and correspondingly fy > 0, and in the
approximation where the non-minimal coupling is set to
zero, ξ = 0, two ﬁxed points at y∗> 0 exist in addition
to the ﬁxed point at y∗= 0, see Eq. (28). One of these
is characterized by λ4 ∗< 0, the other by λ4 ∗> 0. For
values of the gravitational couplings given by Eq. (12),
the former is located at
λ4 ∗= −1.15,
y∗= 0.58,
(29)
whereas the latter is located at
λ4 ∗= 0.18,
y∗= 0.58.
(30)
As ﬁrst observed in [83] and generalized in [13, 14, 184,
189] to a realistic quark sector, the latter ﬁxed point is
infrared attractive in both these couplings, thus also gen-
eralizing the scenario proposed in [10].
Naturally, the
interacting nature of the ﬁxed point implies a mixing
of couplings in the relevant/irrelevant directions, yet, as
the ﬁxed point is near-perturbative, this mixing is small.
Consequently, initializing the model at the ﬁxed point in
Eq. (30) in the UV, the value of the Yukawa coupling
is ﬁxed at all energy scales and its “sibling” in a top-
bottom-Higgs system allows to calculate the top mass
and bottom mass as a consequence of asymptotic safety
[13, 14, 184]. The diﬀerence in the ﬁxed-point values in
Eq. (30) compared to the ones reported in [13] arises,
as we work in a simple Yukawa system here instead of
a chiral Yukawa system, and our ﬁxed-point values of
the gravitational couplings diﬀer. The shift in the grav-
itational ﬁxed-point values is due to a diﬀerent treat-
ment of gravitational ﬂuctuations; the gravitational beta
functions used in [13] and ﬁrst computed in [84] are ob-
tained (a) without decomposing the graviton according
to (A3) and (b) employing a regulator function that fea-
tures Γ(2)
k

λ=0 as its argument. On the one hand the shift
in ﬁxed-point values highlights the uncertainty in the de-
termination of ﬁxed-point values, cf. the estimated lower

---PAGE BREAK---
16
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
-0.10
-0.05
0.00
0.05
0.10
FIG. 8.
Region of positive fy marked in green at vanishing
mass m2 = 0.
The dashed line marks the conformal ﬁxed
point ξ = −1/12. The region is independent of the value of
g.
bound on the systematic uncertainty in [13], emphasiz-
ing the need to study the full gravitational parameter
space. On the other hand, the stability of the qualitative
features of the interacting ﬁxed point is encouraging.
As discussed in the previous Sec. IV A, in addition to
the interacting ﬁxed points, the system also features a
ﬁxed point at which all matter couplings vanish.
The
interplay of these ﬁxed points results in an upper bound
on the fermion mass. This upper bound is the value that
is reached along the unique trajectory connected to the
interacting ﬁxed point, see [13].
In the following, we will study the fate of both ﬁxed
points in Eq. (29) and (30) under the inclusion of the
non-minimal coupling ξ.
To qualitatively understand the eﬀect of a non-minimal
coupling on these ﬁxed points, we ﬁrst solve the β-
functions for the Yukawa and the quartic coupling with
the non-minimal coupling ξ as a free parameter.
The
gravity-induced anomalous dimension fy depends on the
non-minimal coupling ξ, and for gravitational coupling
values given by (12), fy is positive only for
ξ ∈[−0.06, 0.09],
(31)
for more general values of λ, see Fig. 8.
Let us now compare this interval to the actually real-
ized ﬁxed-point value for ξ. Crucially, a non-vanishing
Yukawa coupling breaks shift symmetry and therefore
causes a nonvanishing non-minimal coupling. At order
O(ξ), which suﬃces for an analysis within the above win-
dow, the β-function of the non-minimal coupling at van-
ishing mass parameter, m2 = 0, is given by
βξ =

ξ + 1
12
  y2
4π2 + 3λ4
16π2

+ g ξ

2(3 −λ)
3π(3 −4λ)2 −
5(3 + 10λ)
18π(1 −2λ)3

.
(32)
A non-vanishing Yukawa and quartic coupling gener-
ate a ﬁxed-point value ξ∗= −1/12 < −0.06 if g = 0. The
0.01
0.1
1
10
100
1000
0.00
0.02
0.04
0.06
0.08
FIG. 9. We show the value of ξ∗, leaving y∗and g∗as free
parameters with λ∗given by (12). The Yukawa and gravi-
tational eﬀects compete. For small gravitational eﬀects the
ﬁxed-point value approaches ξ∗= −1/12, for large gravita-
tional eﬀects it approaches the free ﬁxed point.
direct gravitational contribution, i.e., the second line in
Eq. (32), is therefore crucial. The Yukawa and the grav-
itational contribution compete in shifting the ﬁxed point
between the conformal value ξ∗= −1/12 and the free
ﬁxed point, as can be seen in Fig. 9. The key question
is, whether at the ﬁxed point (30) the gravitational con-
tributions are suﬃciently strong for ξ∗to fall into the
interval in (31).
Only then can the ﬁxed point from
[13, 14, 184] continue to exist in the larger truncation
we study here.
The gravitational contribution in Eq. (32) is positive
for suﬃciently negative λ∗. At the ﬁxed point (29) with
negative λ4 ∗, the coeﬃcent of the term (ξ + 1/12) is
negative; the resulting would-be ﬁxed point value for ξ is
positive and too large to fall into the interval (31). The
inclusion of ξ hence rules out this previous ﬁxed-point
candidate with negative λ4 ∗.
In contrast, at the ﬁxed point (30) with positive λ4 ∗, the
gravitational eﬀects are strong enough to shift ξ∗into the
interval in Eq. (31). This ﬁxed point, the generalization
of which underlies [13, 14, 184] hence persists under the
inclusion of the non-minimal coupling.
It is rather nontrivial that the region of suﬃciently
negative λ∗is actually the region which is already
selected by requiring fy > 0.
Now, we ﬁnd that this
is the region in which it appears to be a qualitatively
viable approximation to neglect ξ in the analysis of the
ﬁxed-point structure of Higgs-Yukawa systems.
In our full system of beta-functions, we ﬁnd a ﬁxed
point at
λ∗= −9.49
g∗= 7.26
λ4 ∗= 0.139
y∗= 0.381
ξ∗= −0.04
m2
∗= 0.00086,
(33)

---PAGE BREAK---
17
with three relevant directions and critical exponents
θ(1) = 3.98
θ(2) = 1.99
θ(3) = 1.91
θ(4) = −0.0364
θ(5/6) = −0.00855 ± 0.0108i.
(34)
In comparison to the ﬁxed point (30), both λ4 ∗as well
as y∗are considerably lowered due to the presence of the
non-minimal coupling ξ. This can also be seen in Fig. 10
which shows contours of constant Yukawa coupling in
the gravitational parameter space. Under the inclusion of
the non-minimal coupling, the curves are shifted upwards
considerably. Assuming that a similar eﬀect will hold in
the full SM, this aids to realize the scenario presented
in [13]. Neglecting the non-minimal coupling ξ, in that
reference the Higgs self-coupling ﬁxed-point value was
determined to be λ4 ∗= 0.01 at a point with a roughly
realistic top mass, rendering the Higgs boson slightly too
heavy. Our results indicate that the inclusion of a non-
minimal coupling could reduce this overestimation of the
Higgs mass.
As one of the nontrivial results of our paper, we high-
light that the non-minimal coupling, which is canonically
marginal, actually corresponds to an irrelevant coupling
at the asymptotically safe ﬁxed point.
Therefore, its
value is ﬁxed at all scales as a unique function of the
relevant couplings.
Let us brieﬂy mention that, depending on the value of
the top mass, the Higgs potential in the SM might be
metastable [4–6]. In that case, the presence of a non-
minimal coupling can stabilize or destabilize the Higgs
potential in the early universe, where the background
curvature is large enough, see [190–196]. At present, it is
not clear whether or not the SM Higgs potential remains
stable when coupled to asymptotically safe gravity. To
answer this question, the gauge degrees of freedom of
the SM are important, as they aﬀect the Higgs potential;
therefore we leave the question of vacuum stability, as
well as a comparison with the corresponding cosmologi-
cal bounds on ξ, for future work. We highlight that if the
ﬁxed-point properties of the simple Yukawa system per-
sist under this extension, the non-minimal coupling takes
on a uniquely calculable value. Therefore, there might
be a unique answer to the question whether asymptotic
safety aids or prevents vacuum stability through the non-
minimal coupling in the early universe.
C.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking in the
quantum-gravity regime
...where we explore the emergence of a symmetry-
broken ﬁxed-point potential in parts of the gravitational
parameter space.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking, in our case of the Z2
symmetry that maps φ to −φ, is signalled by a negative
value for the squared mass parameter, m2. An asymptot-
ically safe ﬁxed point could a priori lie at any sign of m2,
i.e., in principle spontaneous symmetry breaking might
already occur in the UV. As explained also in [21], in the
presence of a Yukawa coupling, the ﬁxed-point value for
the mass remains positive in the strong-gravity regime
– which lies at λ ≳0 in our truncation. Therefore, we
focus on the weak-gravity regime, into which the gravita-
tional ﬁxed-point value is pushed under the impact of the
SM degrees of freedom [125]. In this regime, ﬁxed-point
values for matter couplings become perturbatively small,
and we can focus on a simple approximation of the beta
function for the mass parameter. In the limit λ ≪0, it
can be approximated as
βm2 ≈−2m2 +
1
4π2 y2 −
3
32π2 λ4 −
18
π(3 −4λ)g ξ2
−
6gξ
π(3 −4λ)2 −
10gξ
3π(1 −2λ)2 −
54gξ2
π(3 −4λ)2
+ O(m2y, m2λ4, m2ξ).
(35)
The resulting ﬁxed-point value is
m2
∗=
1
8π2 y2 −
3
64π2 λ4 −
9
π(3 −4λ)g ξ2
(36)
−
3gξ
π(3 −4λ)2 −
5gξ
3π(1 −2λ)2 −
27gξ2
π(3 −4λ)2 .
In the absence of the non-minimal coupling, this results
in a positive mass at all values of g and λ, since the
λ4-contribution turns out to be subleading compared to
the y2-contribution.
In the presence of a ﬁnite non-
minimal coupling, the combined pure scalar and trace
mode contributions ∼λ4 and ∼
1
(3−4λ)# are negative
(at negative λ) and start to dominate over the positive
y2-contribution for suﬃciently negative λ, as shown in
Fig. 11. Accordingly, the ﬁxed point lies in the sponta-
neously symmetry- broken regime for λ < −14.9.
We leave the exploration of the resulting phenomenol-
ogy and the investigation of the viability of this region
to future work.
D.
Indications against the viability of Higgs
inﬂation in asymptotic safety
...where we explore whether a ratio of quartic coupling
to non-minimal coupling as it would be required for
Higgs inﬂation could be achieved in our toy model.
In particular,
we investigate whether the regime of
gravitational parameter space that appears preferred by
Higgs inﬂation in our truncation is also the regime that
could allow a realistically large value of the Yukawa
coupling to accommodate the measured top quark mass.
Higgs inﬂation is an attractive theoretical idea that ties
together particle physics and cosmology and does not in-
voke any BSM physics to generate an inﬂationary regime

---PAGE BREAK---
18
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
2
4
6
8
10
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
2
4
6
8
10
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
FIG. 10.
Fixed point-value of the Yukawa coupling y∗(color) and the quartic coupling λ4 ∗(dashed lines) as a function of
the gravitational ﬁxed-point values without (with) a non-minimal coupling on the left (right). The left plot is obtained setting
m2 = 0, the right one considers the full mass dependence.
negative trace contributions
-20
-15
-10
-5
0.0000
0.0001
0.0002
0.0003
0.0004
FIG. 11.
The leading contributions to βm2 for g = 1,
cf. Eq. (36). The dotted contribution stems from three di-
agrams that all include the gravitational trace mode, i.e., the
three terms with (3−4λ) in the denominator in Eq. (36). The
dashed and dotted contributions appear with a negative sign
in the beta function for the mass. The vertical dashed line
marks the onset of the symmetry-broken regime.
[197], see [198] for a review. The standard questions re-
garding the status of the initial conditions [199] remain,
but in contrast to inﬂationary settings with a new scalar
degree of freedom as the inﬂaton, Higgs-inﬂation in prin-
ciple only has one additional free parameter, namely the
non-minimal coupling of the Higgs ﬁeld to gravity.
Additional free parameters, linked to higher-order cor-
rections in the Higgs potential, start to play a role if the
Higgs potential is metastable, or close to metastability
[7, 200]. In principle, such corrections can be evaluated
in an asymptotically safe setting.
Here, we ask a simpler question, namely, whether the
non-minimal coupling is available as a free parameter
in this setting, and we work under the assumption that
higher-order terms in the potential are negligible.
We
ﬁnd that within our truncation, the non-minimal cou-
pling is predicted by the asymptotic-safety requirement
in that region of parameter space which could admit a
ﬁnite Yukawa coupling in the IR, i.e., a ﬁnite top quark
mass.
In other words, within our truncation the non-
minimal coupling is only available as a free parameter at
the cost of ﬁxing the top quark mass to zero.
We therefore focus on the region of parameter space with
λ < −3.3. In this region, an upper bound on the fermion
mass exists [13, 14, 184], in addition to a prediction of the
non-minimal coupling. The presence of the ﬁnite Yukawa
coupling distinguishes the scenario considered here from
the one discussed in Sec. III C as well as in [201].
Within our toy model, deﬁned by our choice of degrees
of freedom and our truncation, asymptotic safety does
not appear to be compatible with Higgs inﬂation. Un-
less y∗is made very tiny, y∗≲10−6, the ratio λ4 ∗/ξ2
∗at
the interacting ﬁxed point is of O(1), cf. Fig. 12. As all
three couplings are irrelevant and only ﬂow logarithmi-
cally towards the IR, it appears unlikely that this yields
the observed amplitude of primordial scalar ﬂuctuations,
which would require λ4/ξ2 ∼O(10−9), cf. Sec. III C. This

---PAGE BREAK---
19
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
2
4
6
8
10
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
FIG. 12.
Fixed-point values for λ4/ξ2 (dashed lines) at
the interacting ﬁxed point as a function of g∗and λ∗, to-
gether with contours showing the ﬁxed-point value of y. The
ﬁxed-point value for y translates into an upper bound on the
fermion mass compatible with asymptotic safety.
In order
to achieve ﬁxed-point values for λ4/ξ2 compatible with those
suggested by Higgs inﬂation, the lower bound on the Yukawa
coupling generically has to be very small.
Assuming that
these results carry over to the SM Higgs-top sector, Higgs in-
ﬂation would not be compatible with a viable top mass within
asymptotic safety.
ﬁnding ﬁts with with Ref. [39], that found that based on
the ﬁxed point value for ξ Higgs inﬂation is unlikely to
be realized within asymptotic safety.
In conclusion, our results indicate that Higgs inﬂation
might be hard to realize in asymptotic safety as it appears
diﬃcult to obtain the correct amplitude of primordial
ﬂuctuations while accommodating a viable top-quark-
mass.
Again, this result holds under an extrapolation
from the Euclidean to the Lorentzian regime.
V.
SCALAR PORTAL TO DARK MATTER
...where we focus on settings, where dark matter is
coupled to the SM Higgs through a portal coupling. We
study two coupled scalars as a toy model for the portal
sector and additionally propose a setting with an addi-
tional dark fermion as the simplest dark-matter sector
with an interacting ﬁxed point in the portal coupling.
We then explore to what extent asymptotic safety leads
to an enhancement of the predictivity of the model over
the eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory approach without gravity.
The ongoing experimental searches for dark mat-
ter have not yielded a clear discovery yet [202–218].
While these searches have already excluded an impres-
sive number of models and parameter combinations, an
even larger space lies ahead of them.
Novel theoreti-
cal ideas could change this situation. Classically, scale-
invariance enhances the predictivity of Higgs portal mod-
els [149, 219–231]. Quantum scale invariance [173, 232]
additionally might allow to ﬁx marginal couplings that
are not constrained by classical scale invariance, includ-
ing the portal coupling.
In particular, a single, uncharged dark scalar remains
an attractive model for dark matter, due to its concep-
tual simplicity as a thermal relic and due to its experi-
mental accessibility, see [233] for a review. In [18], it has
been found that quantum-gravity ﬂuctuations drive the
Higgs portal coupling to zero, such that it vanishes at the
Planck scale. If conﬁrmed in extended theoretical stud-
ies, this has important phenomenological consequences,
as it leads to the decoupling of this dark-matter candi-
date, and requires an extended dark sector to regenerate
the portal coupling at [35] or below [20, 23] the Planck
scale.
In the ﬁrst part of this section, V A, we work with
two scalars coupled to gravity non-minimally and to each
other through a portal coupling, described by the trun-
cation
Γk = Γ2−scal+grav
k
+ Γportal
k
+ Sgf + Sgh.
(37)
This provides a model for dark matter coupled to a visible
scalar as a toy model for the SM Higgs, analyzed with-
out the non-minimal couplings in [18]. We conﬁrm that
the decoupling-result from that paper persists under the
inclusion of the non-minimal couplings in Sec. V A. This
motivates an extension of the dark sector in order to rec-
oncile the asymptotic-safety paradigm with the idea that
dark matter is a thermal relic. In contrast to [20, 23],
where new physics is added to regenerate the portal cou-
pling below the Planck scale, we explore the setting in
which an asymptotically safe ﬁxed point lies at ﬁnite por-
tal coupling, introduced in [35], see Sec. V B.
A.
Decoupling of a single dark scalar in asymptotic
safety
...where we conﬁrm that the result that the portal
coupling between two purely scalar sectors vanishes at
an asymptotically safe ﬁxed point is robust under the
inclusion of non-minimal couplings.
Our ﬁrst key result is that the inclusion of the non-
minimal couplings does not alter the decoupling result
from [18], as λHP ∗= 0 and λHP corresponds to an irrel-
evant direction. The corresponding beta function for the
portal coupling can be found in App. C. Including the
additional eﬀect of 45 minimally coupled Weyl fermions,
12 gauge bosons, 3 minimally coupled scalars, as for the
degrees of freedom of the Standard Model, we ﬁnd a ﬁxed

---PAGE BREAK---
20
point at
g∗= 9.66, λ∗= −12.4,
(38)
with all other couplings vanishing. The underlying rea-
son for the ﬂat scalar potential is shift symmetry in the
two scalar sectors; the kinetic term for both scalars is
invariant under φ →φ + C, with C a constant. Under
the impact of gravity, that symmetry remains intact, cf.
Sec. III B 1. The critical exponents read
θ(1) = 3.99
θ(2/3) = 1.97,
θ(4) = 1.92,
θ(5/6) = −0.0173,
θ(7/8/9) = −0.0353.
(39)
Several of these come in identical pairs due to exchange
symmetry between the visible and the dark scalar. The
three smallest critical exponents show a three-fold de-
generacy, as they are associated with the three quartic
couplings.
The Higgs portal coupling is an irrelevant direction,
just as in [18] and is protected by shift symmetry at all
scales once set to zero at high scales. Thus, a departure
from λHP = 0 at low scales is incompatible with the
ﬁxed-point requirement at high scales.
Accordingly,
the conclusions in [18] persist under the inclusion of
non-minimal couplings; the dark scalar decouples from
the visible one.
Within our truncation, asymptotic safety with gravity
is therefore incompatible with the thermal production of
a single dark scalar in a setting without additional ﬁelds
in the dark sector, see [20, 23] for proposed extensions.
Whether alternative production mechanisms could be
available, depends on the gravitational parameters: At
the ﬁxed point in Eq. (38), the dark-matter mass remains
associated with a relevant direction and can therefore de-
part from its ﬁxed-point value m2
d ∗= 0 to take any ﬁnite
value in the infrared. For a massive, purely gravitation-
ally coupled particle, gravitational particle production in
an inﬂating universe might be viable [234], based on the
classic results in [235]. In particular, superheavy stable
dark matter, minimally coupled to gravity, might be pro-
duced in the early universe [236]. The availability of such
a mechanism also depends on the compatibility of the re-
quired inﬂationary potentials with asymptotic safety, see
also Sec. III C 1.
Additionally, just as for a single scalar [28], one ex-
pects momentum-dependent interactions between the
dark scalar and the Higgs scalar to necessarily be present
if an asymptotically safe ﬁxed point exists, see also [85].
These are present at high RG scales, but suppressed in
the IR due to their canonical dimensionality.
As dis-
cussed in [237], such planckian-interacting massive dark
matter might be produced in the early universe.
B.
Portal coupling to a dark Yukawa system
...where we expand on results in [35], tentatively
hinting at a highly predictive model of a scalar-fermion
dark sector under the impact of quantum gravity, coupled
through a portal to the visible Yukawa sector.
The results in the previous section, lending further sup-
port to the decoupling of a simple scalar as dark matter
found in [18], motivate us to ask whether thermal produc-
tion of dark matter could be compatible with asymptoti-
cally safe gravity once the dark matter sector is extended.
Thus, we investigate a model that illustrates how to gen-
erate a ﬁnite Higgs portal coupling at the Planck scale.
As a consequence of asymptotic safety, we will ﬁnd that
this model features a very strongly enhanced predictive
power compared to its leading-order eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory
treatment.
In our toy model, the ﬁrst scalar φv again plays the role
of the Higgs. The second scalar φd assumes the role of
a dark scalar. To dynamically break shift symmetry in
the dark sector, we additionally include a dark fermion.
This generates a non-vanishing portal, as we discovered
in [35].
We hence work with two copies of the action
from Sec. IV, a dark and a visible one. Additionally, we
include a portal coupling in the eﬀective action which
reads
Γk = Γ2−scal+grav
k
+Γferm,v
k
+Γferm,d
k
+Γportal
k
+Sgf +Sgh,
(40)
where Γ2−scal+grav
k
is the action for two non-minimally
coupled scalars given in Eq. (8), Γportal
k
is the portal
coupling given in Eq. (9), and Γferm,v
k
(Γferm,d
k
) are the
fermion action (7) for a visible (dark) fermion ψv (ψd)
coupled to the visible (dark) scalar φv(φd), respectively.
The beta functions for this system are given in App. C.
C.
Fixed-point structures, predictivity and
near-perturbativity
...where we list all possible ﬁxed-point structures of the
model with a dark and a visible Yukawa sector, explore
their predictivity, and study whether the most predictive
ﬁxed point is near-perturbative in nature.
The action features a Z2 exchange symmetry between
dark and visible sector. This exchange symmetry is also
reﬂected in the ﬁxed-point structure of the system and
leads to degeneracies in the spectrum of critical expo-
nents at the interacting ﬁxed point that explicitly ex-
hibits this symmetry.
The system features several partially Gaußian ﬁxed
points, as soon as λ∗< −3.3.
These arise as a con-
sequence of the fact that under the impact of gravity,
Yukawa systems could feature a free as well as an in-
teracting ﬁxed point [13, 83, 85], see Sec. IV. There are
four ﬁxed points in the system cf. Tab. I. Once the ﬁxed-
point value of the Yukawa coupling is non-vanishing, the
resulting explicit breaking of shift-symmetry results in a
non-ﬂat scalar potential and non-minimal coupling in the
corresponding sector.

---PAGE BREAK---
21
FP
yv ∗, ξv ∗,
m2
v ∗, λ4,v ∗
yd ∗, ξd ∗,
m2
d ∗, λ4,d ∗
λHP ∗
number of
relevant directions
GMFP
0
0
0
6
FP1
̸= 0
0
0
5
FP2
0
̸= 0
0
5
FP3
̸= 0
̸= 0
̸= 0
4
TABLE I. Fixed points and their predictivity in the gravity-
matter system. FP1 and FP2 are symmetric under the ex-
change of the dark and the visible sector. Two of the rele-
vant directions approximately correspond to the gravitational
couplings g and λ, and two approximately correspond to the
scalar masses m2
v and m2
d. There is a total of eleven canoni-
cally relevant or marginal couplings in our truncation.
Fixed points FP1 and FP2 are connected by the ex-
change symmetry between dark and visible sector. This
symmetry entails that ﬁxed points which do not obey
the symmetry, i.e., where, yv ∗̸= yd ∗etc. , must come in
pairs that map into each other under the symmetry.
At all four ﬁxed points, both gravitational couplings
are associated to relevant directions, as are the two mass
parameters; in addition various of the marginal couplings
correspond to relevant directions. At the most predic-
tive ﬁxed point FP3, both sectors are interacting and
all canonically marginal couplings are actually irrelevant,
i.e., predicted. In the following we will concentrate on
this ﬁxed point. This can either be understood as a choice
for the universality class underlying the UV completion,
or can also be interpreted in view of eﬀective asymptotic
safety [51], see Sec. II A: If there is a ﬁnite UV cutoﬀ, be-
yond which the QFT description for matter-gravity sys-
tems ceases to hold, then the microscopic model provides
the initial conditions for the RG ﬂow. From there, the
ﬂow will be attracted by ﬁxed points along their IR at-
tractive directions. The ﬁxed point with most irrelevant
directions is therefore most likely to play a role as an
“eﬀective” ﬁxed point, generating trajectories with near-
scale symmetry.
There are only two relevant directions in the matter sec-
tor at FP3, both of which set the mass scale in the cor-
responding sector. All matter interactions are predicted
at this ﬁxed point.
This is in marked contrast to an
eﬀective-ﬁeld theory setting, where all of seven canon-
ically marginal couplings, (λ4 v, λ4,d, λHP, ξv, ξd, yv, yd),
correspond to free parameters.
At the ﬁxed point FP3, the Yukawa couplings break
the shift symmetry in both sectors. This induces non-
vanishing ﬁxed-point values for ξv(d) via the ξv(d) inde-
pendent terms in Eq. (32). These in turn induce a nonva-
nishing ﬁxed-point value for the portal coupling via the
diagrams depicted in Fig. 13. These diagrams generate
λHP independent contributions in the beta function for
FIG. 13.
These diagrams induce the Higgs portal coupling.
The crossed circles correspond to regulator insertions, the
wiggly lines represent gravitons, the dashed/dashed-dotted
lines represent the two scalars.
Additionally, the diagrams
with regulator insertions on the other internal propagators
contribute.
λHP, which reads
βλHP = 160g2ξdξv
(1 −2λ)3 + 27648g2ξ2
dξ2
v
(3 −4λ)2
+ 82944g2ξ2
dξ2
v
(3 −4λ)3
+ 864g2ξdξv
(3 −4λ)3 + 6912g2(9 −4λ)(ξdξ2
v + ξ2
dξv)
5(3 −4λ)3
+O(λHP).
(41)
Eq. (41) showcases that λHP ∗= 0 is not available, once
ξv(d) ∗̸= 0. In summary, the choice of a ﬁxed point at
ﬁnite Yukawas breaks shift symmetry in both scalar sec-
tors, resulting in asymptotic safety at non-vanishing por-
tal coupling.
We analyze potential physics implications of the
ﬁxed point FP3 with non-vanishing portal coupling as
a function of λ∗and g∗, see Fig. 14.
This completes
our analysis presented in [35], where we focus more
particularly on the ﬁxed-point values obtained in a
speciﬁc setup with the gravitational beta functions
obtained in [84].
Interestingly, the ﬁxed point FP3
can lie at negative m2
∗< 0 for suﬃciently negative λ∗,
cf. Fig. 14, where both Z2 symmetries are spontaneously
broken in the UV.
Further, the portal coupling can become negative at the
ﬁxed point.
Nevertheless, a stability analysis around
the origin in ﬁeld space indicates that the local stability
criterion λ4,v ∗λ4,d ∗−λ2
HP ∗> 0 is always satisﬁed.
That there is a region in parameter space, in which
an interacting ﬁxed point not only exists, but also
satisﬁes local stability and lies in the symmetric phase,
is clearly a nontrivial result – since both conditions can
be violated in corresponding regimes of the parameter
space.
The ratio of dark-scalar and dark-fermion mass in a
no-mixing approximation is y(kIR)/
p
λ4(kIR), where
kIR is a suﬃciently IR scale. We observe that the ratio
y∗/√λ4 ∗is larger than but of the order one, unless the
ﬁxed-point value λ∗becomes smaller than λ∗≈−10.
Both couplings ﬂow logarithmically towards the IR,
therefore the ratio of ﬁxed-point values contains indirect
information about the mass ratio.
Indeed, following
the RG ﬂow towards the IR indicates that, as long as
the absolute value of the gravitational couplings is not
too large, the dark (and visible) fermions are heavier
than their scalar counterparts, making the dark scalar a

---PAGE BREAK---
22
-16
-14
-12
-10
-8
-6
-4
0
2
4
6
8
10
-0.04
-0.02
0
0.02
0.04
0.06
0.08
0.10
FIG. 14.
Fixed-point value of the portal coupling as a func-
tion of the gravitational ﬁxed-point values. For λ∗< −12.6,
the ﬁxed point lies in the symmetry-broken regime. The ratio
y∗
√λ4 ∗is indicated by the dashed contours.
potential candidate for a stable dark-matter particle. In
all cases that we consider, the ratio of the two masses
remains close to one.
Our choice of truncation relies on assuming a near-
perturbative nature of the ﬁxed point, which needs to be
checked a posteriori.
In particular, FP3 has been obtained in an approxima-
tion of the beta functions which only takes into account
the leading terms in the anomalous dimension and re-
produces the universal one-loop results for marginal cou-
plings, see also Sec. A 4. Going beyond this approxima-
tion, we ﬁnd only small quantitative changes: Taking into
account the full dependence on the anomalous dimension
ηφ and ηψ, and hence considering non-polynomial terms
in the beta functions, only alters both, the ﬁxed-point
values, as well as the critical exponents, at the percent
level at generic values of g and λ. The stability of our
results under this change is an indication for the near-
perturbative nature of the system.
Additionally, the ﬁxed-point values for g∗and λ∗lie
at roughly similar values, no matter which of the four
ﬁxed-point structures is chosen in the matter sector.
This indicates that there is no huge “back-reaction”
from the interactions in the matter sector in the regime
of parameter space of interest to us, i.e., for λ∗< −3.3
and g∗not too large.
We use the deviation from canonical scaling as a mea-
sure of (near-)perturbativity, see also [77]. Speciﬁcally,
we deﬁne
∆θ =
sP
i(Re(θ(i)) −d¯gi)2
P
i
,
(42)
where the sum runs over all matter couplings in our trun-
cation and d¯gi denotes the canonical dimension of the ith
coupling. Fig. 15 showcases that the matter system is
near-perturbative at the interacting ﬁxed points induced
by its coupling to quantum gravity. This ﬁnding is well in
line with previous indications for a near-perturbative na-
ture of the Reuter ﬁxed point in gravity-matter systems,
e.g., [74–76]. It further supports our choice of truncation,
and ﬁnally makes plausible that the Standard Model (ex-
tended by a few extra ﬁelds), that remains perturbative
up to the Planck scale, could conceivably be UV extended
by its coupling to asymptotically safe gravity. In particu-
lar, the mechanism that we explore here relies on a ﬁnite
ﬁxed-point value of the Yukawa coupling and is therefore
not available in the region of parameter space which is
generically tied to larger ∆θ, lying at λ∗> −3.3. In fact,
in this region, only a ﬁxed point with vanishing matter
couplings exist. Its critical exponents can depart more
signiﬁcantly from canonical scaling, see Fig. 15. Thus,
the region preferred on phenomenological grounds ap-
pears to coincide with the near-perturbative ﬁxed-point
regime.
D.
Connection to the IR
...where we connect the UV ﬁxed point to correspond-
ing predictions for IR values and explore the quantitative
relation between the various coupling parameters of the
dark and visible sectors.
In particular, we highlight
the strong enhancement of predictivity, that asymptotic
safety could entail.
To extract physical predictions, one needs to translate
the UV ﬁxed-point values into values at k →0. Within
a standard EFT treatment that would start at some ﬁ-
nite cutoﬀscale kUV, all higher-order couplings would
take arbitrary values. In addition, all couplings in our
truncation correspond to canonically relevant or marginal
couplings, and could also be speciﬁed freely.
Thus, a
large parameter-space of potential dark-matter proper-
ties would open up in the IR. In contrast, an asymptot-
ically safe UV completion (or extension) could impose a
very high degree of predictivity on the setting. In fact,
in our truncation, the two masses are the only two rel-
evant couplings in the matter sector. Thus, these cor-
respond to the only two parameters that can start to
deviate from the ﬁxed-point values at an arbitrary scale,
such that their IR values can be adjusted. Their values
at k →0 are hence the only two free parameters in the
scalar-Yukawa sector of the model in the asymptotically
safe setting. All canonically marginal couplings are irrel-
evant at FP3; their IR values are ﬁxed as a function of
the scalar masses.

---PAGE BREAK---
23
-15
-10
-5
0
0
2
4
6
8
10
Gaussian matter
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
-16
-14
-12
-10
-8
-6
-4
0
2
4
6
8
10
Interacting matter
-8
-7
-6
-5
-4
-3
-2
FIG. 15.
The measure ∆θ, cf. Eq. (42), measuring how close the critical exponents are to the canonical scaling dimension
for the ﬁxed point that is free (interacting) in the matter sector on the left (right). Both are interacting in the gravity sector.
Note the diﬀerent λ∗-axes in the two plots.
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
FIG. 16.
Infrared relation between the dark scalar mass MD, the portal coupling λHP, the dark quartic coupling λd and the
dark fermion mass ψd for various ﬁxed-point values of the gravitational couplings. The color coding indicates the mixing angle
α, see Eq. (45). The scales on the right and top are not linear. In addition, the non-minimal coupling is also predicted.
We break the accidental symmetry between the dark
and visible sector through the RG ﬂow to the IR by
choosing diﬀerent IR values for the two relevant mass
parameters of the dark/visible scalar, thereby generating
a distinction between the dark and visible sector at low
energies. In an extension of the Standard Model, this ex-
change symmetry is broken explicitly due to a diﬀerent
set of degrees of freedom (four real scalars for the Higgs
ﬁeld), as well as the contribution of gauge interactions,
which couple only to the visible, but not the dark, scalar
and fermion.
To ﬁnd the IR values corresponding to a ﬁxed point tra-
jectory, we proceed as follows: (i) We initialize the RG
ﬂow for the model at some scale kUV ≫MPl by perturb-
ing the relevant directions of FP3. (ii) We conﬁrm that
our choice of kUV does not inﬂuence our results by re-
versing the ﬂow, i.e., ﬂowing further “into the UV”, and
conﬁrming that typical initial conditions for the ﬂow re-
main at the ﬁxed point for a suﬃciently large range of
scales. (iii) We then solve the beta functions numerically
to ﬂow towards small k and extract the coupling values.
At k ≈MPl, the gravitational degrees of freedom de-
couple dynamically. Since this decoupling occurs near-
instantaneously (due to quadratic scaling GN ∼k−2 be-
low the Planck scale), we can simplify the numerical ﬂows
such that we only have two instead of four relevant di-
rections: Instead of solving the full system of ﬂow equa-
tions, including the gravitational couplings, we decouple
those degrees of freedom by hand at k = MPl, i.e., we set
g(k) = g∗for k > MPl and g(k) = 0 for k < MPl.
Flowing further into the IR, φv or φd can undergo a spon-
taneous breaking of the Z2 symmetry. We do not study
trajectories for which the ﬁxed-point values already lie in
the symmetry-broken regime, and leave the exploration
of the corresponding phenomenology to future work. In
order to make the spontaneous symmetry breaking in the
IR explicit, it is advantageous to rewrite the potential as

---PAGE BREAK---
24
a Taylor expansion around the minimum:
V (φv, φd) = λHP
4
 φ2
v −v2
v
  φ2
d −v2
d

+
X
i=v,d
λi
8
 φ2
i −v2
i
2 .
(43)
For the ﬂow in the symmetry-broken regime, we extend
results of [121] in the fermionic sector and perform a
computation around non-vanishing vacuum expectation
value to obtain the additional contributions to beta
functions in our system. Once the scale k drops below
the mass of both scalars, the ﬂow freezes out and one
obtains the infrared values for all couplings.
Anticipating the application of our toy model to the
full SM, we focus on the regime where φv undergoes spon-
taneous symmetry breaking and ﬁx the vacuum expecta-
tion value for φv to match the Higgs vacuum expectation
value, ⟨φv⟩≡vv ≈246 GeV. We are then left with a sin-
gle free parameter. We emphasize the marked contrast
to an EFT analysis of the same model, which would fea-
ture seven additional canonically marginal couplings as
free parameters.
Depending on the IR value of the dark scalar mass m2
d,
three diﬀerent scenarios can be distinguished: (i) The
second scalar φd could remain in the unbroken regime
in the IR, rendering the corresponding fermion mass-
less. (ii) The vacuum expectation value of φd could be
smaller than the one of φv, or (iii) it could be larger.
Case i) results in the dark scalar being unstable and de-
caying into the massless fermion. Due to its relativistic
nature, it would be unlikely to provide a dark-matter
candidate in agreement with constraints from structure
formation. This leaves us with cases ii) and iii). Once
φd also undergoes spontaneous symmetry breaking, the
physical masses are given by the eigenvalues of the Hes-
sian of the corresponding symmetry-broken potential,
M 2
V/D = 1
2

λvv2
v + λdv2
d
±
q
(λvv2v −λdv2
d)2 + 4λ2
HPv2v v2
d

. (44)
Both scalars mix with a mixing angle, see, e.g., [233, 238]
tan 2α = −2vvvdλHP
λvv2v −λdv2
d
.
(45)
For MD > MV , i.e., scenario (iii), the portal coupling in
the SM to a dark scalar needs to be ∼O(0.1) in order
to thermally produce the correct relic density, see, e.g.,
[239].
For smaller portal couplings, an excess of dark
matter will be produced. In comparison, the portal cou-
pling λHP in our toy model is typically very small at the
ﬁxed point FP3, cf. Fig. 14. Assuming that a quantita-
tive comparison between the toy model and the SM is
meaningful, we conclude that MD > MV is likely disfa-
vored as it might overclose the universe. Thus, we focus
on scenario (ii) with MD < MV .
FIG. 17.
Illustration of the critical surface in a coupling
space spanned by three couplings gi. The ﬁrst coupling g1
is ﬁxed in terms of g2 and g3. For a ﬂat hypersurface g1 is
independent of g2 and g3. If the critical surface is curved it
is ﬁxed as a function of the other couplings.
In Fig. 16, we vary the ﬁxed-point values for g∗and
λ∗, since these depend on, e.g., the number of additional
matter ﬁelds in the system. At a given choice of g∗, λ∗, a
unique relationship between the portal coupling and the
dark scalar mass emerges. The quantitative relationship
also depends on the relevant parameters in the matter
sector of the system, mv and md. This is a consequence
of the curvature of the critical hypersurface of the ﬁxed
point: For a critical hypersurface that is not curved, each
irrelevant coupling must take one uniquely ﬁxed value
in the IR as a consequence of asymptotic safety in the
UV. In contrast, for a critical hypersurface with curva-
ture, the IR value of an irrelevant coupling is a func-
tion of the values of the relevant ones, see illustration in
Fig. 17. In particular, once the relevant coupling vv(kIR)
is ﬁxed by observations, one relevant direction remains
in the matter sector, namely vd. Due to the curvature of
the critical hypersurface, the IR values of all irrelevant
couplings depend on the value of this relevant direction.
Translating it into the scalar dark-matter mass then re-
sults in a unique curve in the λHP, λd, Mψd, ξd-parameter
space.
In [35], we kept g∗and λ∗ﬁxed, showing just
one such curve. Computing the gravitational ﬁxed-point
value with a particular set of beta functions and assum-
ing a ﬁxed matter content allowed us to obtain a sin-
gle quantitative relation. Here, we instead explore the
predictive relationship as a function of g∗, λ∗, account-
ing for systematic uncertainties in the gravitational beta
functions.
Going beyond the gravitational ﬁxed point
considered in [35], the existence and qualitative nature
of the predictive relation remains unchanged, see Fig. 16.
Quantitatively, it changes upon varying the gravitational
ﬁxed point values. The portal coupling is always of or-
der |λHP| ∼10−3. The existence of a predictive relation
beyond the ﬁxed point considered in [35] illustrates, how
asymptotic safety might identify interesting regions in
the matter parameter space independent of the particu-
lar gravitational ﬁxed point values.
To connect to existing and upcoming observational
constraints, both from direct searches [202–217], as well
as from cosmological probes [240, 241], a crucial next step
is to extend the visible sector to a more realistic repre-
sentation of the SM Higgs sector. In this context it will

---PAGE BREAK---
25
also be crucial to extend the understanding of the role of
the dark fermion in the thermal history of the universe.
In summary, our scalar-Yukawa model provides a con-
crete example of a model with a non-vanishing portal
coupling.
It illustrates the high degree of predictivity
that can emerge in asymptotically safe dark-matter mod-
els. Beyond our portal model, asymptotic safety allows to
classify dark matter models with regard to whether they
can be UV completed/extended through the existence
of an asymptotically safe gravity-matter ﬁxed point. In
doing so, asymptotic safety could identify models and
parameter regions that are of special interest for experi-
mental dark matter searches.
VI.
CONCLUSIONS AND OUTLOOK
A.
Summary of key results
In this paper, we have studied the interplay of scalar
ﬁelds with quantum gravity. We have mostly focused on
asymptotically safe gravity, while including some com-
ments from a broader, eﬀective-ﬁeld-theory perspective.
Scalar ﬁelds play a key role in particle physics, constitut-
ing the Higgs sector in and beyond the Standard Model.
Further, they could be relevant in a cosmological con-
text, driving an early inﬂationary phase as well as late-
time expansion of the universe. At the interface of parti-
cle physics and cosmology, scalars constitute dark-matter
candidates. In all three contexts, a decoupling argument
is typically invoked to neglect quantum gravity, based
on a separation of the relevant scales from the Planck
scale. Here, we challenge this view, by pointing out that
the interplay of scalar ﬁelds with quantum gravity could
strongly constrain scalar systems. In fact, quantum grav-
ity is non-negligible at the microscopic scales which deter-
mine the fundamental properties of scalar sectors. Hence,
while quantum gravity is not dynamically relevant at the
scales at which we make observations in particle physics
and cosmology today, it may be inherently relevant by
ﬁxing the fundamental parameters of these systems which
determine their observable properties.
Within the asymptotic-safety approach to quantum
gravity, the underlying quantum scale symmetry requires
a balance between the microscopic interaction strength
of quantum gravity with that of the matter ﬁelds. This
balance relates various couplings in the system to each
other at the microscopic level. The RG ﬂow maps the
corresponding relations to the values of couplings at
macroscopic scales. Consequences of asymptotic safety
are thereby (in principle) imprinted on the (observable)
macrophysics.
Therefore, free parameters of the SM,
dark matter and dark energy as well as the inﬂation-
ary sector could become calculable in asymptotic safety,
see, e.g., [10, 11, 13–15, 17, 18, 38, 242, 243] for earlier
work along these lines and [49, 244] for reviews and fur-
ther references therein. Potentially, even free parameters
of the geometry, such as the spacetime dimensionality,
might be constrained by asymptotic safety [87].
The leading question for this research is, whether
scenarios in particle physics and/or cosmology could
be
excluded
based
on
their
incompatibility
with
asymptotically safe gravity.
For phenomenology and
model-building, this could serve as a powerful guiding
principle to distinguish among diﬀerent eﬀective the-
ories.
For fundamental quantum-gravity research, it
could provide an observational test that could rule out
asymptotically safe gravity.
To achieve this goal, it is
important to identify no-go examples, i.e., models which
cannot be consistently embedded into asymptotic safety
4.
In this work, we provisionally strengthen previous
evidence for such no-go examples and ﬁnd tentative
indications for new ones.
For instance, we identify
Higgs inﬂation as one such potential no-go-example.
Quite intriguingly, it is the combination of cosmological
considerations and particle-physics considerations which
provide hints against the viability of asymptotically
safe Higgs inﬂation in agreement with observations.
This highlights that the development of a useful phe-
nomenology of quantum gravity might require a broader
view that encompasses particle physics and cosmology,
instead of the focus on just one of these sectors.
In this work, we explore simple models for the mat-
ter sector, starting with a single scalar coupled to quan-
tum gravity, promoting it to a simple Yukawa system,
then two coupled scalar sectors and ﬁnally two coupled
Yukawa systems. These simple systems serve to eluci-
date the mechanisms by which asymptotic safety might
impose its predictive power on particle physics and cos-
mology.
Let us add an important disclaimer: all results hold
within truncations of the Euclidean Renormalization
Group ﬂow; therefore they are aﬀected by systematic
uncertainties, the choice of Euclidean vs.
Lorentzian
signature, and additionally, our restriction to simple
models which account for a subset of the degrees of
freedom of the Standard Model only.
We will discuss
these limitations in more detail after reviewing our
results.
It is a main aim of our investigations to provide
new and strengthen existing hints for the potential
consequences of asymptotic safety for IR physics.
We
mostly do so by leaving the ﬁxed-point values for the
gravitational couplings, the Newton coupling g∗and
the cosmological constant λ∗, unspeciﬁed.
In fact,
diﬀerent consequences for low-energy physics follow
from asymptotic safety in diﬀerent regions within this
parameter space.
Note that this places no restriction
on the measured low-energy values of these gravita-
tional couplings.
Exploring the full parameter space
4 One might also call this the “swampland” of asymptotic safety
– in analogy to the swampland of string theory.

---PAGE BREAK---
26
for these two couplings enables us to study which
low-energy
physics
scenarios
could
in principle
be
compatible with asymptotic safety. Firstly, this allows
us to identify whether a given scenario is ruled out
in the entire region of the gravitational parameter
space that we explore.
Secondly, the realization of
a given scenario could single out a preferred region
in the gravitational parameter space.
Where in this
parameter space the ﬁxed point lies, is computable
and depends on the number of matter ﬁelds, see, e.g.,
[16, 30, 64, 74, 84, 88, 125, 245–248].
Thus, within
asymptotic safety, a given matter content (in the dark
and visible sector) is (in principle) connected to a par-
ticular set of low-energy physics consequences, see also
[13] for a discussion in the context of the top-quark mass.
Particle physics
We ﬁnd that the inclusion of the non-minimal coupling
leaves the scenario from [13, 83, 184] intact, where
the ﬁxed-point structure of gravity-Yukawa systems
could result in a calculation of the top and bottom
quark masses.
In our study, adding the non-minimal
coupling to the setting, the physics of simple Yukawa
systems is still determined by the interplay of two
ﬁxed points.
These result in an upper bound on the
fermion mass compatible with asymptotic safety. Quite
intriguingly, there is only a narrow range of values for
the non-minimal coupling ξ for which this is the case.
The ﬁxed-point value ξ∗falls right into this range in our
truncation, constituting a rather nontrivial test of the
mechanism proposed in [13, 83, 184].
Moreover, we ﬁnd that under the impact of quantum
gravity, the non-minimal coupling could push simple
Yukawa systems into a regime of spontaneous symmetry
breaking already at the UV ﬁxed point, see [21] for
related considerations in grand uniﬁed theories. Within
our approximation, this gravity-induced spontaneous
symmetry breaking occurs only for suﬃciently negative
ﬁxed-point values of the cosmological constant.
In
order to properly investigate the resulting low-energy
phenomenology, global ﬂows for the Higgs potential, see,
e.g., [249], are called for.
Finally, we ﬁnd that the value of the non-minimal
coupling ξ is a prediction of asymptotic safety within
our truncation. If this property persists for the full SM
coupled to quantum gravity, the prediction for ξ could
become highly relevant for considerations of vacuum
stability in the early universe, see [195].
Cosmology
We strengthen previous results indicating that quantum
gravity tends to drive scalar potentials towards ﬂatness,
see, e.g., [11, 15, 17, 18, 24, 25, 29, 30]. This occurs in an
appropriate part of the gravitational parameter space.
This ﬂattening-mechanism also reduces the number
of free parameters in a scalar potential compared to
the canonically relevant and marginal set.
Within a
cosmological setting, these results might play a role
both for inﬂation as well as dynamical dark energy, and
might potentially set asymptotic safety apart from other
proposals for fundamental physics.
We re-express our result in terms of scale-dependent
slow-roll-inspired parameters which lend themselves to
a study in an inﬂationary setting.
We ﬁnd that the
predictive power of asymptotic safety could ﬁx the
values of these parameters in an appropriate regime of
the gravitational parameter space.
The gravitational
ﬂattening-mechanism appears encouraging in view of the
observational indications for near-scale invariance. Yet,
matching the amplitude of scalar ﬂuctuations within
the potentially rather constraining setting of asymptotic
safety might be a challenge.
The next decade in observational cosmology is ex-
pected to produce exciting novel insights into the value
of the equation-of-state parameter for dark energy [43–
47]. Within asymptotic safety, realizing a cosmological
constant of the correct magnitude appears possible,
since it corresponds to a relevant coupling. Additionally,
scenarios with a very ﬂat scalar potential also appear
viable – and even preferred – within asymptotic safety
in our truncation.
Therefore, we tentatively conclude
that an equation-of-state-parameter w ≈−1 might be
preferred in asymptotic safety.
The degree of predictivity for scalar potentials de-
pends on the gravitational ﬁxed-point values.
The
latter
in
turn
depend
on
the
number
of
matter
degrees of freedom – both dark and visible ones
[16, 30, 64, 74, 84, 88, 125, 245–248].
Accordingly, a
given set of matter ﬁelds could translate into strong
constraints on inﬂation and dynamical dark energy.
Conversely, for alternative BSM settings, matter ﬁelds
might push the gravitational ﬁxed-point values into a
regime, where fewer theoretical constraints on scalar
potentials exist. In the former case, a confrontation with
observational data is more promising and might even
allow to rule out asymptotic safety with a given matter
content in the future.
At the interface
To make a beginning step in the investigation of Higgs
inﬂation, we use a simple Yukawa system as a toy model
for the Higgs-top-sector of the SM. We ﬁnd that the
ratio of quartic coupling and non-minimal coupling could
reach small enough values to match observational data
on the amplitude of scalar ﬂuctuations for a suﬃciently
small ﬁxed-point value g∗. Due to the predictive nature
of the asymptotically safe ﬁxed point, this requirement
simultaneously ﬁxes the IR value of the Yukawa coupling
in our truncation. Sizable values of the Yukawa coupling
can only be accommodated at large values of λ4/ξ2.
Hence, we conclude that within our truncation and toy
model, a sizable top mass cannot be reconciled with

---PAGE BREAK---
27
a realistic amplitude of primordial scalar ﬂuctuation
anywhere in the gravitational parameter space.
These
studies clearly call for an extension of the model and the
truncation; an investigation of the value of the Higgs
mass is then also required. Nevertheless, using observa-
tions from particle physics and cosmology concertedly
already provides us with a ﬁrst tentative hint for the
incompatibility of Higgs inﬂation with asymptotic safety.
Dark matter is another mystery at the interface of
cosmology and particle physics. Here, we strengthen the
decoupling result from [18] for a single, uncharged scalar
as the only ﬁeld in the dark sector: Under the impact of
asymptotic safety, the Higgs portal coupling vanishes at
all scales, ruling out the scalar ﬁeld as a thermal relic,
also in the presence of a non-minimal coupling.
This
could constitute a compelling example for a dark-matter
model in the asymptotically safe swampland.
We further expand on the dark-matter model we
proposed in [35] that consists of two Yukawa sectors.
These represent a dark sector consisting of a dark scalar
and a dark fermion and a toy model for the Higgs-top
sector of the SM. A non-vanishing ﬁxed-point value
for both Yukawa couplings induces ﬁnite non-minimal
couplings and non-vanishing portal coupling; therefore
the dynamical dark fermion is instrumental in lifting the
decoupling property of the dark sector.
The resulting ﬁxed point is highly predictive, featuring
only two free parameters in the matter sector within our
truncation:
Both Yukawa couplings, all three quartic
couplings and both non-minimal coupling are predicted
by asymptotic safety as a function of the two free pa-
rameters. Fixing one of them by requiring to match the
vacuum expectation value of the Higgs ﬁeld, we remain
with just a single free parameter.
This allows us to
compute a unique relation between the dark-matter mass
and all canonically marginal couplings in the infrared
that holds in our truncation and toy model. In contrast,
a canonical EFT treatment features four free parameters
in the dark sector only, namely the dark Yukawa cou-
pling, dark non-minimal coupling, dark quartic coupling
and portal coupling,
providing no relation between
them.
This exempliﬁes that asymptotic safety might
be a powerful paradigm to severely constrain the theo-
retically viable parameter space for dark-matter searches.
As emphasized previously, these results are subject to
systematic uncertainties which need to be addressed in
the future, and which we will discuss in more detail now.
B.
Outlook: improving on systematic uncertainties
Several sources of systematic uncertainties are aﬀect-
ing the current state-of-the-art in asymptotic-safety re-
search and have been discussed extensively in [72], see
also [250]. More recently, progress in one of the key open
questions, that of unitarity, has been made in [251–253].
In particular, a proposal for an asymptotically safe action
which satisﬁes a perturbative notion of unitarity (tied to
the poles of the graviton propagator about a ﬂat back-
ground) has been put forward.
Here, we will highlight some of the open questions
that are most relevant for our discussion.
Systematic uncertainties: Choice of truncation
Our results are achieved within a truncation of the eﬀec-
tive dynamics. It follows the assumption that canonical
power counting remains a good guiding principle at the
interacting ﬁxed point, which is supported by a number
of explicit results [74–80, 89, 90], see Sec. II B for more
details. We ﬁnd further evidence in support of the corre-
sponding near-perturbative nature of asymptotic safety,
in that the critical exponents at the ﬁxed point do typ-
ically not diﬀer from the canonical dimensions by large
amounts. This also constitutes an a-posteriori viability-
check of our choice of truncation.
Fixed-point structures in simple Yukawa systems [13] and
a dark sector with portal coupling [18] remain stable un-
der the inclusion of the non-minimal coupling, lending
further support to an asymptotically safe UV comple-
tion of such systems with an enhanced predictive power.
Based on the principle of near-perturbativity, the addi-
tion of R2 and R2
µν to the gravitational dynamics appears
indicated. This has partially been done in [12, 85] for
scalar systems and Yukawa systems coupled to gravity,
see also [17] for the unimodular asymptotic safety case.
In short, the higher-order couplings modify the propaga-
tor for metric ﬂuctuations, which is still proportional to
g, but with a denominator that depends on the higher-
order couplings in addition to the cosmological constant.
Accordingly, the parameter space explored, e.g., in Fig. 1,
7, 10 and 12 is enlarged by two additional directions. At
ﬁnite values of higher-order couplings, the boundaries in
the λ−g plane are deformed. Therefore, the mechanisms
we explored here are expected to persist in this larger pa-
rameter space.
In the future, going beyond polynomial truncations
for the scalar potential, e.g., with grid methods [254]
or spectral methods [249, 255], is also indicated, in
particular to properly investigate the stability of the
Higgs potential.
Systematic uncertainties: Lorentzian signature
Our results are obtained within a fully Euclidean set-
ting. While the RG ﬂow at momentum scales below the
Planck scale can be analytically continued, this is not
necessarily the case for the transplanckian ﬂow. As long
as the gravitational ﬁxed point is near-perturbative, and
the vacuum of the theory is ﬂat, or at least maximally
symmetric,
an
analytic
continuation
might
remain
feasible even for the quantum gravity regime.
This
pressing question deserves further investigation in the
future.

---PAGE BREAK---
28
Systematic uncertainties: Missing degrees of freedom
Here, we have worked in toy models with few matter
ﬁelds. The RG ﬂows of such simpliﬁed matter systems
share many characteristics with that of the Higgs-top-
sector of the Standard Model, and are therefore useful
to explore possible structures that might arise in the
Standard Model coupled to quantum gravity. Neverthe-
less, accounting for the missing degrees of freedom is an
important future task.
In summary, we have strengthened existing and found
novel indications that certain models for dark matter as
well as inﬂation might lie in the “swampland” of asymp-
totic safety, i.e., be incompatible with an asymptotically
safe UV sector. Such negative results are key in order
to identify potential observational routes to ruling out
this proposal for quantum gravity. Conversely, we have
also identiﬁed potential phenomenological implications of
asymptotic safety which could be compatible with obser-
vations, identifying matter theories in the “landscape” of
asymptotic safety. In both cases, their source is the pre-
dictive power of asymptotic safety, which conversely im-
plies that asymptotic safety could serve as a very strong
selection principle for particle physics, cosmology and at
the interface of the two ﬁelds.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
We would like to thank Aaron Held for insightful dis-
cussions, Jan Kwapisz for a discussion on eternal inﬂa-
tion and the speakers and participants of the Online-
Workshop Series on Quantum Gravity for discussions
on the interplay of dark energy and quantum gravity.
This work is supported by a research grant (29405) from
VILLUM FONDEN. M. P. is supported by a scholar-
ship of the German Academic Scholarship Foundation
and gratefully acknowledges the extended hospitality at
CP3-Origins during various stages of this work.
Appendix A: Formal aspects
...where we specify the gauge-ﬁxing procedure and the
regulator with our focus on an auxiliary background-
scalar
ﬁeld
dependence
related
to
the
non-minimal
coupling, which we then analyze.
Further, we study
the anomalous dimension of the scalar as a measure of
robustness of our truncation.
While obtaining the beta functions from the eﬀec-
tive action, one encounters subtleties related to the non-
minimal coupling. We discuss these by focusing on the
following truncation for scalar-gravity for the remainder
of this section
Γk = Γscal+grav
k
+ Sgf + Sgh.
(A1)
Here, we use a split of the scalar into
φ = ¯φ + ϕ.
(A2)
In contrast to the metric, there is actually no need to
introduce this split, since no gauge-ﬁxing is required and
the coarse-graining procedure is based on ¯gµν.
Never-
theless, it can be useful to introduce ¯φ for calculational
convenience in the gauge-ﬁxing and regularization term
for the metric, see, e.g., [24].
1.
Gauge ﬁxing
...where
we
specify
the
background-ﬁeld-dependent
gauge ﬁxing we employ and detail how the scalar
background-ﬁeld appears in the construction of the
gravitational gauge-ﬁxing term.
To invert Γ(2)
k , it is computationally advantageous to
decompose the metric ﬂuctuation hµν into a transverse-
traceless tensor, a divergence-free vector and two scalar
modes according to the York decomposition [256], as fol-
lows
hµν = hTT
µν + ¯DµvT
ν + ¯DνvT
µ + ¯Dµ ¯Dνσ −¯gµν ¯D2σ −1
4 ¯gµνh.
(A3)
Herein, ¯Dµ is the covariant derivative with respect to the
background metric ¯gµν. hTT
µν is transverse, ¯DνhTT
µν = 0
and traceless ¯gµνhTT
µν = 0, and vT
µ is transverse, ¯DµvT
µ =
0.
Due to the gauge symmetry in the gravitational sec-
tor, Γ(2)
k
contains zero modes, requiring gauge ﬁxing. We
choose a linear, background-covariant gauge ﬁxing
Sgf = 1
2α
Z
d4x √¯g ¯gµνFµFν,
(A4)
with
Fµ =
r
1
16πGN
+ αGFξ ¯φ2

¯Dρhρµ −1 + β
4
¯Dµhρ
ρ

.
(A5)
For all results reported in the following, we specify to β =
α = 0, see, e.g., [257] for a study of the gauge dependence
in the pure-gravity case. Our choice decouples one of the
two scalar modes and leaves only contributions from hTT
µν
and h in the beta functions of matter couplings.
In choosing the gauge ﬁxing (A4), we have introduced
a term dependent on the scalar background ﬁeld into
the gauge ﬁxing.
It is convenient to do so in trunca-
tions that include non-minimal gravity-scalar couplings,
as the gauge-ﬁxed propagator simpliﬁes for this choice
[24]. We point out that it is not consistent to disregard
this background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence in the Faddeev-

---PAGE BREAK---
29
Popov determinant
det
δFµ
δζλ

= det
 r
1
16πGN
+ αGFξ ¯φ2 ·
(A6)
·

¯Dρ¯gσ
µgλ
σDρ + ¯Dσ¯gρ
µgλ
σDρ −1 + β
2
¯Dµ¯gρσgλ
σDρ
!
.
In the above, ζλ is the parameter describing an inﬁnites-
imal diﬀeomorphism.
As usual, Faddeev-Popov ghosts can be used to ex-
ponentiate the determinant. A redeﬁnition of the ghost
ﬁelds absorbing a factor of √16πGN that is present even
at αGF = 0 allows to normalize the ghost term conve-
niently. We write the ghost term in the form
Sgh = −
Z
d4x √¯g
q
1 + αGF(1 −αghost)16πGNξ ¯φ2·
·¯cµ

¯Dρ¯gµκgκνDρ + ¯Dρ¯gµκgρνDκ
−1 + β
2
¯Dµ¯gρσgρνDσ

cν.
(A7)
Here, the parameter αghost is an auxiliary parameter,
that we introduce to track the background-scalar depen-
dence of the ghost term. Exponentiating the Faddeev-
Popov determinant (A7) actually results in αghost = 0.
With this choice, we fully compensate the additional
background- scalar dependence of the gauge ﬁxing term.
In contrast, for αghost = 1 the background-scalar ﬁeld
dependence in the Faddeev-Popov determinant has been
dropped. By comparing αghost = 0 to αghost = 1, we
quantify the impact of such a treatment.
2.
Choice of regulator
...where we provide details of the regulator function we
use and discuss how the scalar background ﬁeld appears
in the construction.
For the regulator, we utilize
Rk( ¯D) = ¯D r
k2
¯D

,
(A8)
with the shape function r(x) = (x −1)Θ(x −1), where
Θ(x) is the Heaviside distribution [258]. The operator
¯D denotes a generalized background-covariant Laplacian.
In the simplest case of a ﬂat background, it reduces to p2.
More general choices for the argument of the regulator
function in Eq. (A8) are possible and can be advanta-
geous for practical calculations. There must not be an
additional dependence on the dynamical ﬁelds in the reg-
ulator, since this would destroy the one-loop structure
of the ﬂow equation. In contrast, the background-ﬁeld
dependence is a priori unrestricted with unbroken back-
ground gauge invariance the only strict requirement.
For simplicity, one would like the regulator to entirely
remove the appearance of Laplacians in the denomina-
tor of the ﬂow equation. This strategy has been imple-
mented, e.g., in [24].
For a system with higher-order
curvature invariants and/or non-minimal couplings, this
strategy entails a choice of regulator that introduces a
scalar background-ﬁeld dependence in addition to the
background-metric dependence contained in the back-
ground Laplacians. In [259], it has been demonstrated
in the context of a non-gravitational theory that such
additional background-scalar ﬁeld dependencies have to
be treated with care within approximations, where they
can lead to deformations of ﬁxed points or even introduce
new zeros of beta functions. Therefore, we will explore
the dependence on the background scalar ﬁeld that arises
through the choice of regulator as in [24] carefully. We
also refer to [30] for a brief discussion of the same point
using the exponential split.
In order to test the eﬀect of additional background-
scalar-ﬁeld dependencies we introduce an additional pa-
rameter αreg accompanying the background-scalar-ﬁeld-
dependent part of the regulator. Speciﬁcally, we choose
Rµνρσ
k TT = 1
4

1
16πGN
+ ξαreg ¯φ2

·
·

k2 + (−¯D
2)

Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

1µνρσ
TT
(A9)
Rµν
k vv = 1
2α

1
16πGN
+ ξαGF ¯φ2

·
·

k2 + (−¯D
2)

Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

1µν
v
(A10)
Rk hh = −3
32

1
16πGN
+ ξαreg ¯φ2

·
·

k2 + (−¯D
2)

Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

(A11)
Rk σσ =
3
32α
(3 −α)
16πGN
−(ααreg −3αGF)ξ ¯φ2

·
·

k2 + (−¯D
2)

Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

(A12)
Rk φφ = 1
2

k2 + (−¯D
2)

Zφ Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

(A13)
Rk hσ = −1
16

1
16πGN
+ ξαreg ¯φ2

Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

·
·
q
3k2(3k2 −¯R)
−
q
3(−¯D
2)(3(−¯D
2) + ¯R)

(A14)
Rk hφ = −3
2

k2 + (−¯D
2)
 √αregξ ¯φ Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

(A15)
Rk σφ = −1
2
q
3k2(3k2 −¯R)
−
q
3(−¯D
2)(3(−¯D
2) + ¯R)

·
·√αregξ ¯φ Θ

k2 + (−¯D
2)

,
(A16)

---PAGE BREAK---
30
with 1TT and 1v the identity in the space of transverse-
traceless tensors and transverse vectors, respectively.
The choice αreg = 1 corresponds to the choice in [24]
with a background-scalar dependent regulator.
The
choice αreg = 0 corresponds to a computation with a
background-scalar independent regulator.
In the sections IV and V, where fermions are included,
we choose a fermionic regulator of the form
Rk ¯
ψψ = iZψ ¯/∇

1 −
q
k2/(−¯/∇)2

Θ

k2 −(−¯/∇)2
.
(A17)
3.
Background ﬁeld dependence
...where we study quantitatively, whether the auxiliary
background-scalar-ﬁeld
dependence
of
regulator
and
gauge ﬁxing changes key aspects of the results, such as,
e.g., the signs of critical exponents within our truncation.
This can also be interpreted as a study of the robustness
of our approximation.
For clarity, we list the three parameters that track the
background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence in our calculation:
• αGF tracks the background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence
of the gauge-ﬁxing term, which vanishes for αGF =
0,
• αghost
allows
to
independently
vary
the
background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence of the corre-
sponding Faddeev-Popov ghost term. In principle,
one needs to choose αghost = 0 (if αGF ̸= 0) for
consistency. Here we treat αghost as an indepen-
dent parameter to compare to previous work in
the literature.
• αreg tracks the background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence
of the regulator for the metric ﬂuctuations.
Choosing the values αGF = 0 = αreg results in an ab-
sence of the extra background-scalar-ﬁeld dependence
from these terms.
The ﬁxed-point values are independent of αGF, αreg
and αghost and given by 5
λ∗= 0.171,
g∗= 0.843
m2
∗= λ4 ∗= ξ∗= 0.
(A18)
In contrast, the critical exponents are aﬀected by these
parameters, as would the ﬁxed-point coordinates be if ξ∗
was not equal to zero. Modifying αGF, αghost and αreg
can aﬀect the β-functions for the individual couplings, as
5 Quantitative deviations of this ﬁxed point from (11) arise due to
the diﬀering approximations for the graviton anomalous dimen-
sion ηh.
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.0
0.5
1.0
-0.01
0.
0.01
-0.02
0.
0.02
FIG. 18.
The β-function for the non-minimal coupling ξ as a
function of ξ for varying background-scalar dependence. We
set the quartic coupling to its ﬁxed-point value λ4 ∗= 0.
can also be seen in Fig. 18. As an example of the dif-
ferences between the background-scalar dependent com-
putation (αreg = αGF = αghost = 1) and a background-
scalar independent one (αreg = αGF = 0), the diﬀerence
for βm2 and βξ in the transverse traceless sector reads
βdep
m2 −βindep
m2
= 5g(1 −4λ)ξ
2π(1 −2λ)2 ,
(A19)
βdep
ξ
−βindep
ξ
= −5gλ(3 −2λ)ξ
3π(1 −2λ)3 .
(A20)
The additional terms arise from the ﬁeld dependence of
the regulator as well as the gauge ﬁxing term.
These
changes under a relatively small change of an unphysical
parameter do not necessarily signify much if they occur
in non-observable quantities like beta functions. At the
same time, critical exponents of a physical ﬁxed point are
universal, i.e., must be independent of such a technical
choice. This statement holds, as long as they are calcu-
lated exactly; an approximation introduces a dependence
on such unphysical parameters. In the following we use
this to probe the ﬁxed point (A18) and test the quality
of the approximation.
If we choose αGF = αreg = 0 (with arbitrary αghost)
and our gauge choice β = 0, the beta functions we ob-
tain for the potential terms at ξ = 0 agree with the beta
functions reported in [18]. For this case, the critical ex-
ponents are given by
θ(1/2) = 2.72 ± 1.70i,
θ(3/4) = 0.63 ± 2.55i,
θ(5) = −2.26.
(A21)
The ﬁrst two relevant directions overlap with λ and g and
the third and fourth align roughly with m2 and ξ.

---PAGE BREAK---
31
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
0.86
0.88
0.90
0.92
0.94
0.96
0.98
FIG. 19.
Real part of the critical exponent θ(3) as a function
of the parameters αGF and αghost. The red dot marks the
point corresponding to the computation with ﬁeld dependent
regulator and gauge-ﬁxing term as in [24]. For αghost = 0,
the critical exponent becomes independent of αGF as the con-
tributions from the ghost term cancel those from the gauge
ﬁxing term. The critical exponent is evaluated at the ﬁxed
point (A18). For diﬀerent values of the gravitational couplings
as well as for αreg = 0, i.e., a background-scalar independent
regulator, the dependence on αGF and αghost is qualitatively
similar.
Setting αGF = αreg = αghost = 1 and choosing the
gauge β = 1, our β-function for the scalar potential
agrees with the one found in [24].
If we evaluate the
traces with heat-kernel methods, also the β-function for
the non-minimal coupling agrees with that reference. To
compare to those results, let us choose αGF = αreg =
αghost = 1 and take into account the eﬀect of βg and βξ
terms on the rhs, cf. discussion below in Sec. A 4. At the
ﬁxed point (A18) the critical exponents read
θ(1/2) = 2.36 ± 2.81i,
θ(3/4) = 0.36 ± 2.81i,
θ(5) = −2.26.
(A22)
As expected, the characteristic shift of the third and
fourth critical exponent by −2 compared to the lead-
ing critical exponents, ﬁrst observed in [24], is present in
our results as well. The minor numerical diﬀerences with
respect to that reference arise due to a diﬀerent gauge
choice.
We now study the scalar-background dependence by
ﬁrst varying αGF and αghost continuously and then vary-
ing αreg.
First, ﬁxing αreg = 1, we observe that as long as the
background-scalar dependence of the gauge-ﬁxing term
is not fully accounted for by the ghost term (αghost ̸= 0),
the critical exponents vary considerably under changes in
αGF, cf. Fig. 19. This can go as far as changing the num-
-2
0
2
4
0
1
2
3
4
5
FIG. 20.
Real part of the critical exponents θ(3/4) as a func-
tion of αreg at αghost = 0. The critical exponent is evaluated
at the ﬁxed point (A18). For smaller λ∗, the curve ﬂattens,
while the value of αreg at which θ(3/4) = 0, shifts to the left.
ber of relevant directions for αGF = αghost ≈5.2. The
choice αGF = αghost = 1 used in [24] could be criticized
based on the extra ﬁeld-dependence it introduces, but
does not yield qualitatively diﬀerent results from the case
without the additional ﬁeld dependence. In fact, the two
second-largest critical exponents are θ(3/4) = 0.99±2.06i,
once the scalar-background dependence is fully taken into
account in the ghost action (αghost = 0). In this case, the
critical exponents become independent of αGF, as they
should.
Second, ﬁxing αghost = 0, such that the dependence
on αGF vanishes, we vary αreg in Fig. 20. For moder-
ate values of |αreg| ≤1.5, the critical exponents depend
quantitatively on αreg, with no value for αreg preferred
by the principle of minimum sensitivity. For large abso-
lute values of αreg, the qualitative picture changes: For
αreg < −1.8 and αreg > 4.1, the number of relevant direc-
tions decreases. Similarly to the eﬀect observed in [259],
the single-ﬁeld approximation for the scalar ﬁeld can thus
change the qualitative picture, and αreg = 0 appears pre-
ferred for this reason. For this choice one ﬁnds the criti-
cal exponents in Eq. (A21). As long as the background-
scalar dependence is not too strong, the number of rele-
vant directions remains stable under technical modiﬁca-
tions of the regulator and gauge-ﬁxing term.
The number of relevant directions as a function of the
gravitational ﬁxed point parameters is shown in Fig. 21.
Here we also display the number of relevant directions for
the Yukawa system considered in Sec. IV. In that system
the number of relevant directions changes at the ﬁxed
point (26) due to diﬀering technical choices, elucidating
the diﬀering results in [124] and [12].
The qualitative
change under a relatively minor technical choice exem-
pliﬁes why we consider the full gravitational parameter
space.

---PAGE BREAK---
32
-15
-7.5 -2
-1.5
-1
-0.5
0
0.4
0
2
4
6
8
10
Number of
Relevant
directions
0
1
2
-15
-7.5 -2
-1.5
-1
-0.5
0
0.4
0
2
4
6
8
10
Number of
relevant
directions
0
1
2
3
FIG. 21.
Number of relevant directions at the free ﬁxed
point as a function of the gravitational couplings λ∗and g∗for
αreg = αGF = 0 in the purely scalar (Yukawa) system, for the
three (four) scalar couplings (m2, λ4, ξ(, y)) in the top (bot-
tom) panel. The thin lines indicate the position of the corre-
sponding areas using a scalar-background dependent regula-
tor (αreg = αGF = αghost = 1) and the background ﬁeld ap-
proximation ηh = −2. Reduced background-ﬁeld dependence
reduces the sensitivity to a change in gravitational ﬁxed-point
values. The vertical dashed line highlights a change in the
scaling of the λ∗axis at λ∗= −2. For the Yukawa system
the number of relevant directions changes. The blue triangle
corresponds to the ﬁxed point (A18)/(26), the red square to
ﬁxed point (12).
4.
Momentum-dependent interactions
...where we explore the size of the scalar anomalous
dimension and its impact on the ﬁxed-point results as a
measure for the robustness of our truncation.
As a test for the stability of the truncation (5), we com-
pute the scalar anomalous dimension ηφ = −∂t ln Zφ(k2)
-1.0
-0.8
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.02
0.04
0.06
0.08
0.10
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
FIG. 22.
The anomalous dimension ηφ for a varying value of
the cosmological constant λ (upper panel) and non-minimal
coupling ξ (lower panel) around the ﬁxed point λ∗= 0.171
(ξ∗= 0). All other couplings are held constant. The anoma-
lous dimension varies mildly with varying λ and increases to-
wards the pole at λ = 1/2. It varies more strongly for varying
ξ and is slightly negative for a very small range of negative ξ.
in the presence of a non-minimal coupling to explore how
much this impacts the ﬁxed-point results. We obtain
ηφ = g (8 −ηh)(1 + 48(ξ −1
2m2)) + 8ηhm2
16π(3 −4λ)2(1 + m2)
+ g (8 −ηφ)(1 −24ξ + 432ξ2 −144ξm2) + 48ηφξm2
48π(3 −4λ)(1 + m2)2
−g
108(ξ −1
3m2)2
π(3 −4λ)2(1 + m2)2 .
(A23)
In the limit ξ →0 and m2 →0, this reduces to the result
from [85], as it should.
Calculating the anomalous dimension with the ﬁxed-
point values (A18), one obtains a small value of ηφ ≈
0.044. In Fig. 22 we explore how this result depends on
the particular ﬁxed-point values by studying the value
of the anomalous dimension as a function of the non-
minimal coupling and the cosmological constant treated
as external parameters. Away from the pole λ = 1/2 and
for |ξ| ≲0.5, the anomalous dimension remains small,
tentatively indicating that momentum-dependent exten-
sions of the truncation might be subleading. For larger

---PAGE BREAK---
33
values of the non-minimal coupling, it appears indicated
to extend the truncation to include higher-order momen-
tum dependence.
The shift due to the anomalous dimension modiﬁes
the ﬁxed point (A18) at the sub-percent level.
The
critical exponents exhibit slightly larger modiﬁcations.
The third/fourth critical exponents is shifted to θ(3/4) =
0.58±2.55i. In particular a scenario in which the anoma-
lous dimension shifts these parameters into the irrelevant
region is not realized. Given that the anomalous dimen-
sion is numerically small in a part of the parameter space,
we will neglect it in some sections; but always indicate
clearly whether we work in the approximation ηφ = 0.
So far, in line with most of the existing literature, we
employed the background-ﬁeld approximation, in which
the anomalous dimension for the metric ﬂuctuation ﬁeld
hµν equals the anomalous dimension for the background
Newton coupling, ηh = ηN = −2. In the main body of
the paper, instead, we set ηh = 0. Indeed, results in the
literature indicate that this is a better approximation
than ηN = −2 [75, 125, 246, 260–263].
Appendix B: Flow of the Potential
The ﬂow of the dimensionless potential in terms of the
parameters (15) is given by
∂tv =
1
96π2g(1 −16πgv) (3(1 + ϵ2) −32πg(v −2ϵ2
1 + vϵ2))

3g
 19 + 16ϵ2 −384π2v(1 + ϵ2)

+ 16πg2  48ϵ2
1 + 1920π2v2(1 + ϵ2) −3v(9 + 512π2ϵ2
1 + 4ϵ2)

+ 512π2g3v
 16ϵ2
1 −384π2v2(1 + ϵ2) −v(5 −768π2ϵ2
1 + 8ϵ2)
 
.
(B1)
Taking derivatives of this equation with respect to the
ﬁeld φ, one obtains the ﬂow of the ϵi.
Appendix C: Beta functions
In the following we report the beta functions for the
three couplings m2, ξ, λ4 in a scalar gravity theory with
gauge choice β = 0 and a background-scalar independent
regulator.
βm2 = −(2 −ηφ)m2 −
36gξ2ηφ
5π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2 + 4gm2(12ξ −ηφ(m2 + 6ξ))
3π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2
−3gξ(6ξ −ηφ(2m2 + 3ξ))
π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2
−
2gm4 (2 −ηφ)
π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2 −
108gξ2ηh
5π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2) −9gξ(6ξ −ηh(2m2 + 3ξ))
π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)
−5g
 ξ (8 −ηh) −m2 (6 −ηh)

12π(1 −2λ)2
−g
 3ξ (8 −ηh) −2m2 (6 −ηh)

4π(3 −4λ)2
+ 4gm2(12ξ −ηh(m2 + 6ξ))
π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)
−
6gm4 (2 −ηh)
π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2) −
λ4 (6 −ηφ)
64π2 (1 + m2)2 , (C1)

---PAGE BREAK---
34
βλ4 = 2λ4ηφ −64g2  81m2ξ2 (10 −ηφ) −45m4ξ (8 −ηφ) + 10m6 (6 −ηφ) −54ξ3 (12 −ηφ)

15(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
+ 512g2  −756m2ξ3 (12 −ηφ) + 567m4ξ2 (10 −ηφ) −210m6ξ (8 −ηφ) + 35m8 (6 −ηφ) + 405ξ4 (14 −ηφ)

105(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)3
+ 8g2  −10m2ξ (8 −ηh) + 5m4 (6 −ηh) + 6ξ2 (10 −ηh)

3(1 −2λ)3
−16g2  −30m2ξ (ηh −8) + 10m4 (ηh −6) + 27ξ2 (ηh −10)

5(3 −4λ)3
+ 128g2  −81m2ξ2 (10 −ηh) + 45m4ξ (8 −ηh) −10m6 (6 −ηh) + 54ξ3 (12 −ηh)

5(3 −4λ)3 (1 + m2)
+ 512g2  −756m2ξ3 (12 −ηh) + 567m4ξ2 (10 −ηh) −210m6ξ (8 −ηh) + 35m8 (6 −ηh) + 405ξ4 (14 −ηh)

35(3 −4λ)3 (1 + m2)2
+ 4gλ4
 −30m2ξ (8 −ηφ) + 10m4 (6 −ηφ) + 27ξ2 (10 −ηφ)

5π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)3
+ 4gλ4
 3ξ (8 −ηφ) −2m2 (6 −ηφ)

3π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2
+ 6gλ4
 −30m2ξ (8 −ηh) + 10m4 (6 −ηh) + 27ξ2 (10 −ηh)

5π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
−4gλ4
 2m2 (6 −ηh) −3ξ (8 −ηh)

π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)
+ 5gλ4 (6 −ηh)
12π(1 −2λ)2
+ gλ4 (6 −ηh)
2π(3 −4λ)2 +
3λ2
4 (6 −ηφ)
32π2 (1 + m2)3 ,
(C2)
βξ = ξηφ + 2g
 18ξ2 (2 −ηh) + m6ηh −m4(12ξ −ηh(1 + 6ξ)) −6m2ξ(2 + 3ξ(2 −ηh))

3π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
−5g
 ξ(6 + 20λ −ηh(1 + 2λ)) −m2 (15 −6λ + ηh(2λ −3))

36π(1 −2λ)3
+ g
 12ξ −m2 (6 −ηh)

12π(3 −4λ)2
+ 9gξ2ηφ
 5m2 + 32ξ + 5

20π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)3
−gξ
 −3ξ(4 + 18ξ + ηh(1 −9ξ)) −m2(12ξ −ηh(4 + 15ξ + 4m2))

π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
+ 27gξ2ηh
 5 + 5m2 + 16ξ

20π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
+ gm2 (2 −ηh)
 m2(1 + m2) −6ξ

π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)2
−gm2 (2 −ηφ)
 m4 + m2(1 + 6ξ) −6ξ

3π(4λ −3) (1 + m2)3
+ gξ
 3ξ(4 + 36ξ + ηφ(1 −18ξ)) + m2(12ξ −ηφ(4 + 4m2 + 33ξ))

3π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)3
+ 2g
 18ξ2 (2 −ηφ) + m6ηφ −m4 (12ξ −ηφ(1 + 12ξ)) −6m2ξ (2 + 9ξ (2 −ηφ))

9π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)3
+ λ4 (6 −ηφ)
 1 + m2 + 12ξ

384π2 (1 + m2)3
.
(C3)
The beta function for the Yukawa coupling is
βy = y ηψ + y ηφ
2 + y3
 
5 −ηψ
80π2 (1 + m2) +
6 −ηφ
96π2 (1 + m2)2
!
−3y g
16
 16 (6 −ηψ)
15π(3 −4λ) + 192(7 −ηh)
35π(3 −4λ)2

+ 9y g
256
 32 (7 −ηψ)
21π(3 −4λ) + 4(8 −ηh)
π(3 −4λ)2

+ 5y g(6 −ηh)
12π(1 −2λ)2 + y g(6 −ηh)
2π(3 −4λ)2
−y g
 45ξ (8 −ηψ) −28m2 (6 −ηψ)

140π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)
+ y g
 36m2 (7 −ηφ) −60ξ (9 −ηφ)

105π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2
+ y g
 3ξ (8 −ηφ) −2m2 (6 −ηφ)

3π(3 −4λ) (1 + m2)2
−y g
 2(6 −ηh)m2 −3(8 −ηh)ξ

π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)
+ y g
 36(7 −ηh)m2 −60(9 −ηh)ξ

35π(3 −4λ)2 (1 + m2)
,
(C4)
where parts of the Yukawa beta function is taken from
[85]. The portal system described in Sec. V consists of
two copies of the these beta functions. Additionally, the
dark sector contributes

---PAGE BREAK---
35
∆βm2v = −(6 −ηφd)λHP
192π2(1 + m2
d)2 ,
(C5)
∆βλ4,v = (6 −ηφd)λ2
HP
96π2(1 + m2
d)3 ,
(C6)
∆βξv = (6 −ηφd)λHP(1 + m2
d + 12ξd)
1152π2(1 + m2
d)3
,
(C7)
to the beta functions for the visible couplings and vice versa. The beta function for the Higgs portal coupling reads
βλHP = (ηφd + ηφv) λHP
+ 41472g2ξ2
d (14 −ηh) ξ2
v
7(3 −4λ)3
+ 16g2ξd (10 −ηh) ξv
(1 −2λ)3
+ 432g2ξd (10 −ηh) ξv
5(3 −4λ)3
+ 6912g2ξ2
dξ2
v (28 −ηφd −ηφv)
7(3 −4λ)2
+ 36gξdλHPξv (20 −ηφd −ηφv)
5π(3 −4λ)
+ 108gξd (10 −ηh) λHPξv
5π(3 −4λ)2
+ 5g (6 −ηh) λHP
12π(1 −2λ)2
+ g (6 −ηh) λHP
2π(3 −4λ)2
+ 3456g2ξ2
vξd (12 −ηh)
5(3 −4λ)3
+ 3456g2ξvξ2
d (12 −ηh)
5(3 −4λ)3
+ 576g2ξdξ2
v (12 −ηφv)
5(3 −4λ)2
+ 576g2ξ2
dξv (12 −ηφd)
5(3 −4λ)2
+ 6gξd (8 −ηh) λHP
π(3 −4λ)2
+ 6gξv (8 −ηh) λHP
π(3 −4λ)2
+ 27gξ2
d (10 −ηh) λHP
5π(3 −4λ)2
+ 27gξ2
v (10 −ηh) λHP
5π(3 −4λ)2
+ 18gξ2
dλHP (10 −ηφd)
5π(3 −4λ)
+ 18gλHPξ2
v (10 −ηφv)
5π(3 −4λ)
+ 2gξdλHP (8 −ηφd)
π(3 −4λ)
+ 2gξvλHP (8 −ηφv)
π(3 −4λ)
+ λ2
HP (6 −ηφv)
48π2
+ λ2
HP (6 −ηφd)
48π2
+ λHPλ4v (6 −ηφv)
32π2
+ λ4dλHP (6 −ηφd)
32π2
.
(C8)
where in the last expression we set the masses to zero for better readability.
[1] G. Aad et al. (ATLAS), Phys. Lett. B 716, 1 (2012),
arXiv:1207.7214 [hep-ex].
[2] S. Chatrchyan et al. (CMS), Phys. Lett. B 716, 30
(2012), arXiv:1207.7235 [hep-ex].
[3] P. Zyla et al. (Particle Data Group), PTEP 2020,
083C01 (2020).
[4] G. Degrassi, S. Di Vita, J. Elias-Miro, J. R. Espinosa,
G. F. Giudice, G. Isidori,
and A. Strumia, JHEP 08,
098 (2012), arXiv:1205.6497 [hep-ph].
[5] D. Buttazzo, G. Degrassi, P. P. Giardino, G. F. Giu-
dice, F. Sala, A. Salvio, and A. Strumia, JHEP 12, 089
(2013), arXiv:1307.3536 [hep-ph].
[6] A. Andreassen, W. Frost,
and M. D. Schwartz, Phys.
Rev. D 97, 056006 (2018), arXiv:1707.08124 [hep-ph].
[7] F. Bezrukov and M. Shaposhnikov, J. Exp. Theor. Phys.
120, 335 (2015), arXiv:1411.1923 [hep-ph].
[8] N. Cabibbo, L. Maiani, G. Parisi,
and R. Petronzio,
Nucl. Phys. B 158, 295 (1979).
[9] M. Lindner, Z. Phys. C 31, 295 (1986).
[10] M. Shaposhnikov and C. Wetterich, Phys. Lett. B 683,
196 (2010), arXiv:0912.0208 [hep-th].
[11] C. Wetterich and M. Yamada, Phys. Lett. B 770, 268
(2017), arXiv:1612.03069 [hep-th].
[12] Y. Hamada and M. Yamada, JHEP 08, 070 (2017),
arXiv:1703.09033 [hep-th].
[13] A. Eichhorn and A. Held, Phys. Lett. B 777, 217 (2018),
arXiv:1707.01107 [hep-th].
[14] A. Eichhorn and A. Held, Phys. Rev. Lett. 121, 151302
(2018), arXiv:1803.04027 [hep-th].
[15] J. M. Pawlowski, M. Reichert, C. Wetterich,
and
M.
Yamada,
Phys.
Rev.
D
99,
086010
(2019),
arXiv:1811.11706 [hep-th].
[16] C. Wetterich and M. Yamada, Phys. Rev. D 100, 066017
(2019), arXiv:1906.01721 [hep-th].
[17] G. P. De Brito, A. Eichhorn, and A. D. Pereira, JHEP
09, 100 (2019), arXiv:1907.11173 [hep-th].
[18] A. Eichhorn, Y. Hamada, J. Lumma, and M. Yamada,
Phys. Rev. D 97, 086004 (2018), arXiv:1712.00319 [hep-
th].
[19] J. H. Kwapisz, Phys. Rev. D 100, 115001 (2019),
arXiv:1907.12521 [hep-ph].
[20] M. Reichert and J. Smirnov, Phys. Rev. D 101, 063015
(2020), arXiv:1911.00012 [hep-ph].
[21] A. Eichhorn, A. Held, and C. Wetterich, JHEP 08, 111
(2020), arXiv:1909.07318 [hep-th].
[22] G. Dom`enech, M. Goodsell, and C. Wetterich, (2020),
arXiv:2008.04310 [hep-ph].
[23] Y. Hamada, K. Tsumura, and M. Yamada, Eur. Phys.
J. C 80, 368 (2020), arXiv:2002.03666 [hep-ph].
[24] G. Narain and R. Percacci, Class. Quant. Grav. 27,
075001 (2010), arXiv:0911.0386 [hep-th].
[25] G. Narain and C. Rahmede, Class. Quant. Grav. 27,

---PAGE BREAK---
36
075002 (2010), arXiv:0911.0394 [hep-th].
[26] O. Zanusso, L. Zambelli, G. Vacca,
and R. Percacci,
Phys. Lett. B 689, 90 (2010), arXiv:0904.0938 [hep-th].
[27] G. Vacca and O. Zanusso, Phys. Rev. Lett. 105, 231601
(2010), arXiv:1009.1735 [hep-th].
[28] A.
Eichhorn,
Phys.
Rev.
D
86,
105021
(2012),
arXiv:1204.0965 [gr-qc].
[29] R. Percacci and G. P. Vacca, Eur. Phys. J. C 75, 188
(2015), arXiv:1501.00888 [hep-th].
[30] P. Labus, R. Percacci, and G. P. Vacca, Phys. Lett. B
753, 274 (2016), arXiv:1505.05393 [hep-th].
[31] V. Silveira and A. Zee, Phys. Lett. B 161, 136 (1985).
[32] J. McDonald, Phys. Rev. D 50, 3637 (1994), arXiv:hep-
ph/0702143.
[33] C. Burgess, M. Pospelov,
and T. ter Veldhuis, Nucl.
Phys. B 619, 709 (2001), arXiv:hep-ph/0011335.
[34] C. Boehm and P. Fayet, Nucl. Phys. B 683, 219 (2004),
arXiv:hep-ph/0305261.
[35] A. Eichhorn and M. Pauly,
(2020), arXiv:2005.03661
[hep-ph].
[36] T. Henz, J. M. Pawlowski, A. Rodigast,
and C. Wet-
terich, Phys. Lett. B 727, 298 (2013), arXiv:1304.7743
[hep-th].
[37] T. Henz, J. M. Pawlowski,
and C. Wetterich, Phys.
Lett. B 769, 105 (2017), arXiv:1605.01858 [hep-th].
[38] J. Rubio and C. Wetterich, Phys. Rev. D 96, 063509
(2017), arXiv:1705.00552 [gr-qc].
[39] C. Wetterich, (2019), arXiv:1911.06100 [hep-th].
[40] T. Abbott et al. (DES), Phys. Rev. D 98, 043526 (2018),
arXiv:1708.01530 [astro-ph.CO].
[41] D. Scolnic et al., Astrophys. J. 859, 101 (2018),
arXiv:1710.00845 [astro-ph.CO].
[42] N. Aghanim et al. (Planck), Astron. Astrophys. 641, A6
(2020), arXiv:1807.06209 [astro-ph.CO].
[43] P. A. Abell et al. (LSST Science, LSST Project), (2009),
arXiv:0912.0201 [astro-ph.IM].
[44] L. Amendola et al. (Euclid Theory Working Group),
Living Rev. Rel. 16, 6 (2013), arXiv:1206.1225 [astro-
ph.CO].
[45] A. Aghamousa et al. (DESI), (2016), arXiv:1611.00036
[astro-ph.IM].
[46] D. J. Bacon et al. (SKA), Publ. Astron. Soc. Austral.
37, e007 (2020), arXiv:1811.02743 [astro-ph.CO].
[47] A. Weltman et al., Publ. Astron. Soc. Austral. 37, e002
(2020), arXiv:1810.02680 [astro-ph.CO].
[48] Y. Akrami et al. (Planck), Astron. Astrophys. 641, A10
(2020), arXiv:1807.06211 [astro-ph.CO].
[49] A. Eichhorn, Front. Astron. Space Sci. 5, 47 (2019),
arXiv:1810.07615 [hep-th].
[50] S. de Alwis, A. Eichhorn, A. Held, J. M. Pawlowski,
M. Schiﬀer,
and F. Versteegen, Phys. Lett. B 798,
134991 (2019), arXiv:1907.07894 [hep-th].
[51] A. Held, Front. in Phys. 8, 341 (2020), arXiv:2003.13642
[hep-th].
[52] R. Percacci and G. P. Vacca, Class. Quant. Grav. 27,
245026 (2010), arXiv:1008.3621 [hep-th].
[53] M. Reuter, Phys. Rev. D 57, 971 (1998), arXiv:hep-
th/9605030.
[54] A. Baldazzi, R. Percacci, and V. Skrinjar, Class. Quant.
Grav. 36, 105008 (2019), arXiv:1811.03369 [gr-qc].
[55] M. Demmel and A. Nink, Phys. Rev. D 92, 104013
(2015), arXiv:1506.03809 [gr-qc].
[56] C.
Wetterich,
Phys.
Lett.
B
301,
90
(1993),
arXiv:1710.05815 [hep-th].
[57] U. Ellwanger, , 206 (1993), arXiv:hep-ph/9308260.
[58] T. R. Morris, Int. J. Mod. Phys. A 9, 2411 (1994),
arXiv:hep-ph/9308265.
[59] A. Eichhorn, H. Gies, and M. M. Scherer, Phys. Rev.
D 80, 104003 (2009), arXiv:0907.1828 [hep-th].
[60] P. Dona and R. Percacci, Phys. Rev. D 87, 045002
(2013), arXiv:1209.3649 [hep-th].
[61] D. Benedetti and F. Caravelli, JHEP 06, 017 (2012),
[Erratum: JHEP 10, 157 (2012)], arXiv:1204.3541 [hep-
th].
[62] N. Ohta, R. Percacci, and G. P. Vacca, Phys. Rev. D
92, 061501 (2015), arXiv:1507.00968 [hep-th].
[63] N. Ohta, R. Percacci, and G. P. Vacca, Eur. Phys. J.
C 76, 46 (2016), arXiv:1511.09393 [hep-th].
[64] N. Alkofer and F. Saueressig, Annals Phys. 396, 173
(2018), arXiv:1802.00498 [hep-th].
[65] J. M. Pawlowski, Annals Phys. 322, 2831 (2007),
arXiv:hep-th/0512261.
[66] H. Gies, Lect. Notes Phys. 852, 287 (2012), arXiv:hep-
ph/0611146.
[67] O.
J.
Rosten,
Phys.
Rept.
511,
177
(2012),
arXiv:1003.1366 [hep-th].
[68] N. Dupuis,
L. Canet,
A. Eichhorn,
W. Metzner,
J. Pawlowski, M. Tissier,
and N. Wschebor,
(2020),
arXiv:2006.04853 [cond-mat.stat-mech].
[69] M. Reuter and F. Saueressig, New J. Phys. 14, 055022
(2012), arXiv:1202.2274 [hep-th].
[70] R. Percacci, An Introduction to Covariant Quantum
Gravity and Asymptotic Safety, 100 Years of General
Relativity, Vol. 3 (World Scientiﬁc, 2017).
[71] M. Reuter and F. Saueressig, Quantum Gravity and the
Functional Renormalization Group: The Road towards
Asymptotic Safety (Cambridge University Press, 2019).
[72] A. Bonanno, A. Eichhorn, H. Gies, J. M. Pawlowski,
R. Percacci, M. Reuter, F. Saueressig, and G. P. Vacca,
Front. in Phys. 8, 269 (2020), arXiv:2004.06810 [gr-qc].
[73] A. Baldazzi, R. Percacci,
and L. Zambelli,
(2020),
arXiv:2009.03255 [hep-th].
[74] A. Eichhorn, S. Lippoldt, and M. Schiﬀer, Phys. Rev.
D 99, 086002 (2019), arXiv:1812.08782 [hep-th].
[75] A. Eichhorn, S. Lippoldt, J. M. Pawlowski, M. Re-
ichert, and M. Schiﬀer, Phys. Lett. B 792, 310 (2019),
arXiv:1810.02828 [hep-th].
[76] A. Eichhorn, P. Labus, J. M. Pawlowski,
and M. Re-
ichert, SciPost Phys. 5, 031 (2018), arXiv:1804.00012
[hep-th].
[77] K. Falls, D. Litim, K. Nikolakopoulos, and C. Rahmede,
(2013), arXiv:1301.4191 [hep-th].
[78] K. Falls,
D. F. Litim,
K. Nikolakopoulos,
and
C.
Rahmede,
Phys.
Rev.
D
93,
104022
(2016),
arXiv:1410.4815 [hep-th].
[79] K. Falls, C. R. King, D. F. Litim, K. Nikolakopou-
los, and C. Rahmede, Phys. Rev. D 97, 086006 (2018),
arXiv:1801.00162 [hep-th].
[80] K. G. Falls, D. F. Litim, and J. Schr¨oder, Phys. Rev.
D 99, 126015 (2019), arXiv:1810.08550 [gr-qc].
[81] Y. Kluth and D. F. Litim,
(2020), arXiv:2008.09181
[hep-th].
[82] A. Eichhorn and H. Gies, New J. Phys. 13, 125012
(2011), arXiv:1104.5366 [hep-th].
[83] A. Eichhorn, A. Held, and J. M. Pawlowski, Phys. Rev.
D 94, 104027 (2016), arXiv:1604.02041 [hep-th].
[84] A. Eichhorn and S. Lippoldt, Phys. Lett. B 767, 142
(2017), arXiv:1611.05878 [gr-qc].

---PAGE BREAK---
37
[85] A. Eichhorn and A. Held, Phys. Rev. D 96, 086025
(2017), arXiv:1705.02342 [gr-qc].
[86] A. Eichhorn, S. Lippoldt, and V. Skrinjar, Phys. Rev.
D 97, 026002 (2018), arXiv:1710.03005 [hep-th].
[87] A. Eichhorn and M. Schiﬀer, Phys. Lett. B 793, 383
(2019), arXiv:1902.06479 [hep-th].
[88] J. Daas, W. Oosters, F. Saueressig, and J. Wang, Phys.
Lett. B 809, 135775 (2020), arXiv:2005.12356 [hep-th].
[89] M. R. Niedermaier, Phys. Rev. Lett. 103, 101303
(2009).
[90] M. Niedermaier, Nucl. Phys. B 833, 226 (2010).
[91] R. Gastmans, R. Kallosh, and C. Truﬃn, Nucl. Phys.
B 133, 417 (1978).
[92] S. Christensen and M. Duﬀ, Phys. Lett. B 79, 213
(1978).
[93] H. Kawai and M. Ninomiya, Nucl. Phys. B 336, 115
(1990).
[94] H. Kawai, Y. Kitazawa, and M. Ninomiya, Nucl. Phys.
B 393, 280 (1993), arXiv:hep-th/9206081.
[95] H. Kawai, Y. Kitazawa, and M. Ninomiya, Nucl. Phys.
B 404, 684 (1993), arXiv:hep-th/9303123.
[96] T. Aida and Y. Kitazawa, Nucl. Phys. B 491, 427
(1997), arXiv:hep-th/9609077.
[97] M. Reuter and F. Saueressig, Phys. Rev. D 65, 065016
(2002), arXiv:hep-th/0110054.
[98] L. Rosa, P. Vitale, and C. Wetterich, Phys. Rev. Lett.
86, 958 (2001), arXiv:hep-th/0007093.
[99] F. Hoﬂing, C. Nowak, and C. Wetterich, Phys. Rev. B
66, 205111 (2002), arXiv:cond-mat/0203588.
[100] J. Braun, H. Gies, and D. D. Scherer, Phys. Rev. D 83,
085012 (2011), arXiv:1011.1456 [hep-th].
[101] H. Gies and L. Janssen, Phys. Rev. D 82, 085018 (2010),
arXiv:1006.3747 [hep-th].
[102] F. Gehring, H. Gies, and L. Janssen, Phys. Rev. D 92,
085046 (2015), arXiv:1506.07570 [hep-th].
[103] L. Classen, I. F. Herbut, L. Janssen, and M. M. Scherer,
Phys. Rev. B 93, 125119 (2016), arXiv:1510.09003
[cond-mat.str-el].
[104] G. P. Vacca and L. Zambelli, Phys. Rev. D 91, 125003
(2015), arXiv:1503.09136 [hep-th].
[105] B.
Knorr,
Phys.
Rev.
B
94,
245102
(2016),
arXiv:1609.03824 [cond-mat.str-el].
[106] G. Parisi, Nucl. Phys. B 100, 368 (1975).
[107] K. Gawedzki and A. Kupiainen, Phys. Rev. Lett. 55,
363 (1985).
[108] J. Gracey, Nucl. Phys. B 341, 403 (1990).
[109] S. Hikami and T. Muta, Prog. Theor. Phys. 57, 785
(1977).
[110] B. Rosenstein, B. J. Warr, and S. H. Park, Phys. Rev.
Lett. 62, 1433 (1989).
[111] G. Gat, A. Kovner, and B. Rosenstein, Nucl. Phys. B
385, 76 (1992).
[112] B. Rosenstein, H.-L. Yu, and A. Kovner, Phys. Lett. B
314, 381 (1993).
[113] L. N. Mihaila, N. Zerf, B. Ihrig, I. F. Herbut,
and
M. M. Scherer, Phys. Rev. B 96, 165133 (2017),
arXiv:1703.08801 [cond-mat.str-el].
[114] N. Zerf, L. N. Mihaila, P. Marquard, I. F. Herbut,
and M. M. Scherer, Phys. Rev. D 96, 096010 (2017),
arXiv:1709.05057 [hep-th].
[115] R.
Loll,
Class.
Quant.
Grav.
37,
013002
(2020),
arXiv:1905.08669 [hep-th].
[116] A. Eichhorn, T. Koslowski, and A. D. Pereira, Universe
5, 53 (2019), arXiv:1811.12909 [gr-qc].
[117] S.
Surya,
Living
Rev.
Rel.
22,
5
(2019),
arXiv:1903.11544 [gr-qc].
[118] A. Eichhorn, J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 1275, 012010 (2019),
arXiv:1902.00391 [gr-qc].
[119] B. Bahr and S. Steinhaus, Phys. Rev. Lett. 117, 141302
(2016), arXiv:1605.07649 [gr-qc].
[120] B. S. Merzlikin, I. L. Shapiro, A. Wipf, and O. Zanusso,
Phys. Rev. D 96, 125007 (2017), arXiv:1711.02224 [hep-
th].
[121] H. Gies and M. M. Scherer, Eur. Phys. J. C 66, 387
(2010), arXiv:0901.2459 [hep-th].
[122] H. Gies, S. Rechenberger,
and M. M. Scherer, Eur.
Phys. J. C 66, 403 (2010), arXiv:0907.0327 [hep-th].
[123] A. Eichhorn, H. Gies, J. Jaeckel, T. Plehn, M. M.
Scherer, and R. Sondenheimer, JHEP 04, 022 (2015),
arXiv:1501.02812 [hep-ph].
[124] K.-y. Oda and M. Yamada, Class. Quant. Grav. 33,
125011 (2016), arXiv:1510.03734 [hep-th].
[125] P. Don`a, A. Eichhorn, and R. Percacci, Phys. Rev. D
89, 084035 (2014), arXiv:1311.2898 [hep-th].
[126] T. Banks and L. J. Dixon, Nucl. Phys. B 307, 93 (1988).
[127] M. Kamionkowski and J. March-Russell, Phys. Lett. B
282, 137 (1992), arXiv:hep-th/9202003.
[128] R. Kallosh, A. D. Linde, D. A. Linde, and L. Susskind,
Phys. Rev. D 52, 912 (1995), arXiv:hep-th/9502069.
[129] T. Banks and N. Seiberg, Phys. Rev. D 83, 084019
(2011), arXiv:1011.5120 [hep-th].
[130] D. Harlow and H. Ooguri, Phys. Rev. Lett. 122, 191601
(2019), arXiv:1810.05337 [hep-th].
[131] D. Harlow and H. Ooguri,
(2018), arXiv:1810.05338
[hep-th].
[132] N. Arkani-Hamed, L. Motl, A. Nicolis,
and C. Vafa,
JHEP 06, 060 (2007), arXiv:hep-th/0601001.
[133] E.
Palti,
Fortsch.
Phys.
67,
1900037
(2019),
arXiv:1903.06239 [hep-th].
[134] J. Barnett and L. Smolin, (2015), arXiv:1507.01232 [gr-
qc].
[135] R. Gambini and J. Pullin, Phys. Lett. B 749, 374 (2015),
arXiv:1506.08794 [gr-qc].
[136] A. Eichhorn, in 57th International School of Subnu-
clear Physics:
In Search for the Unexpected (2020)
arXiv:2003.00044 [gr-qc].
[137] R. G. Jha, J. Laiho, and J. Unmuth-Yockey, PoS LAT-
TICE2018, 043 (2018), arXiv:1810.09946 [hep-lat].
[138] Y. Hamada, J. M. Pawlowski, and M. Yamada, (2020),
arXiv:2009.08728 [hep-th].
[139] N. Christiansen and A. Eichhorn, Phys. Lett. B 770,
154 (2017), arXiv:1702.07724 [hep-th].
[140] C. de Rham, S. Melville, A. J. Tolley, and S.-Y. Zhou,
JHEP 03, 011 (2018), arXiv:1706.02712 [hep-th].
[141] S. Melville and J. Noller, Phys. Rev. D 101, 021502
(2020), [Erratum:
Phys.Rev.D 102, 049902 (2020)],
arXiv:1904.05874 [astro-ph.CO].
[142] J. Martin and R. H. Brandenberger, Phys. Rev. D 63,
123501 (2001), arXiv:hep-th/0005209.
[143] A. Bedroya and C. Vafa, JHEP 09, 123 (2020),
arXiv:1909.11063 [hep-th].
[144] A.
Bedroya,
R.
Brandenberger,
M.
Loverde,
and C. Vafa, Phys. Rev. D 101, 103502 (2020),
arXiv:1909.11106 [hep-th].
[145] M. Shaposhnikov and D. Zenhausern, Phys. Lett. B
671, 187 (2009), arXiv:0809.3395 [hep-th].
[146] J. Garcia-Bellido, J. Rubio, M. Shaposhnikov,
and
D. Zenhausern, Phys. Rev. D 84, 123504 (2011),

---PAGE BREAK---
38
arXiv:1107.2163 [hep-ph].
[147] F. Bezrukov,
G. K. Karananas,
J. Rubio,
and
M. Shaposhnikov, Phys. Rev. D 87, 096001 (2013),
arXiv:1212.4148 [hep-ph].
[148] J. Garcia-Bellido, J. Rubio,
and M. Shaposhnikov,
Phys. Lett. B 718, 507 (2012), arXiv:1209.2119 [hep-
ph].
[149] V. V. Khoze, JHEP 11, 215 (2013), arXiv:1308.6338
[hep-ph].
[150] J. Rubio and M. Shaposhnikov, Phys. Rev. D 90, 027307
(2014), arXiv:1406.5182 [hep-ph].
[151] P. G. Ferreira, C. T. Hill, and G. G. Ross, Phys. Rev.
D 95, 043507 (2017), arXiv:1610.09243 [hep-th].
[152] K.
Kannike,
M.
Raidal,
C.
Spethmann,
and
H. Veerm¨ae, JHEP 04, 026 (2017), arXiv:1610.06571
[hep-ph].
[153] G. K. Karananas and J. Rubio, Phys. Lett. B 761, 223
(2016), arXiv:1606.08848 [hep-ph].
[154] P. G. Ferreira, C. T. Hill, and G. G. Ross, Phys. Lett.
B 763, 174 (2016), arXiv:1603.05983 [hep-th].
[155] A. Bonanno, A. Contillo, and R. Percacci, Class. Quant.
Grav. 28, 145026 (2011), arXiv:1006.0192 [gr-qc].
[156] A. Bonanno and A. Platania, Phys. Lett. B 750, 638
(2015), arXiv:1507.03375 [gr-qc].
[157] G. Koﬁnas and V. Zarikas, Phys. Rev. D 94, 103514
(2016), arXiv:1605.02241 [gr-qc].
[158] A. Bonanno, A. Platania, and F. Saueressig, Phys. Lett.
B 784, 229 (2018), arXiv:1803.02355 [gr-qc].
[159] A. Platania, Universe 5, 189 (2019), arXiv:1908.03897
[gr-qc].
[160] A.
Platania,
Front.
in
Phys.
8,
188
(2020),
arXiv:2003.13656 [gr-qc].
[161] T. Rudelius, JCAP 08, 009 (2019), arXiv:1905.05198
[hep-th].
[162] T. Tenkanen, JCAP 12, 001 (2017), arXiv:1710.02758
[astro-ph.CO].
[163] S.
Weinberg,
Phys.
Rev.
D
81,
083535
(2010),
arXiv:0911.3165 [hep-th].
[164] A.
Bonanno,
Phys.
Rev.
D
85,
081503
(2012),
arXiv:1203.1962 [hep-th].
[165] E. J. Copeland, C. Rahmede,
and I. D. Saltas, Phys.
Rev. D 91, 103530 (2015), arXiv:1311.0881 [gr-qc].
[166] C. Wetterich, Nucl. Phys. B 302, 645 (1988).
[167] C.
Wetterich,
Nucl.
Phys.
B
302,
668
(1988),
arXiv:1711.03844 [hep-th].
[168] D. Blas, M. Shaposhnikov,
and D. Zenhausern, Phys.
Rev. D 84, 044001 (2011), arXiv:1104.1392 [hep-th].
[169] S. Casas, M. Pauly,
and J. Rubio, Phys. Rev. D 97,
043520 (2018), arXiv:1712.04956 [astro-ph.CO].
[170] S. Casas, G. K. Karananas, M. Pauly,
and J. Ru-
bio, Phys. Rev. D 99, 063512 (2019), arXiv:1811.05984
[astro-ph.CO].
[171] C.
Wetterich,
Nucl.
Phys.
B
897,
111
(2015),
arXiv:1408.0156 [hep-th].
[172] F. K. Anagnostopoulos, S. Basilakos, G. Koﬁnas, and
V. Zarikas, JCAP 02, 053 (2019), arXiv:1806.10580
[astro-ph.CO].
[173] C. Wetterich, (2019), arXiv:1901.04741 [hep-th].
[174] M.
Ahmed,
S.
Dodelson,
P.
B.
Greene,
and
R. Sorkin, Phys. Rev. D 69, 103523 (2004), arXiv:astro-
ph/0209274.
[175] L. Bombelli, J. Lee, D. Meyer,
and R. Sorkin, Phys.
Rev. Lett. 59, 521 (1987).
[176] N. Zwane, N. Afshordi, and R. D. Sorkin, Class. Quant.
Grav. 35, 194002 (2018), arXiv:1703.06265 [gr-qc].
[177] G. Obied, H. Ooguri, L. Spodyneiko,
and C. Vafa,
(2018), arXiv:1806.08362 [hep-th].
[178] P. Agrawal, G. Obied, P. J. Steinhardt,
and C. Vafa,
Phys. Lett. B 784, 271 (2018), arXiv:1806.09718 [hep-
th].
[179] S. K. Garg and C. Krishnan, JHEP 11, 075 (2019),
arXiv:1807.05193 [hep-th].
[180] L. Heisenberg,
M. Bartelmann,
R. Brandenberger,
and A. Refregier, Phys. Rev. D 98, 123502 (2018),
arXiv:1808.02877 [astro-ph.CO].
[181] M. Reuter and H. Weyer, JCAP 12, 001 (2004),
arXiv:hep-th/0410119.
[182] G. Gubitosi, R. Ooijer, C. Ripken, and F. Saueressig,
JCAP 12, 004 (2018), arXiv:1806.10147 [hep-th].
[183] H. Gies and R. Sondenheimer, Eur. Phys. J. C 75, 68
(2015), arXiv:1407.8124 [hep-ph].
[184] R. Alkofer, A. Eichhorn, A. Held, C. M. Nieto, R. Per-
cacci, and M. Schr¨oﬂ, Annals Phys. 421, 168282 (2020),
arXiv:2003.08401 [hep-ph].
[185] H. Gies and S. Lippoldt, Phys. Rev. D 89, 064040
(2014), arXiv:1310.2509 [hep-th].
[186] J. Meibohm and J. M. Pawlowski, Eur. Phys. J. C 76,
285 (2016), arXiv:1601.04597 [hep-th].
[187] G. P. De Brito, Y. Hamada, A. D. Pereira, and M. Ya-
mada, JHEP 08, 142 (2019), arXiv:1905.11114 [hep-th].
[188] K. Kowalska, E. M. Sessolo, and Y. Yamamoto, (2020),
arXiv:2007.03567 [hep-ph].
[189] A. Held, From particle physics to black holes: The pre-
dictive power of asymptotic safety., Ph.D. thesis, U. Hei-
delberg (main) (2019).
[190] M.
Herranen,
T.
Markkanen,
S.
Nurmi,
and
A. Rajantie, Phys. Rev. Lett. 113, 211102 (2014),
arXiv:1407.3141 [hep-ph].
[191] M.
Herranen,
T.
Markkanen,
S.
Nurmi,
and
A. Rajantie, Phys. Rev. Lett. 115, 241301 (2015),
arXiv:1506.04065 [hep-ph].
[192] A. Rajantie and S. Stopyra, Phys. Rev. D 95, 025008
(2017), arXiv:1606.00849 [hep-th].
[193] A. Joti, A. Katsis, D. Loupas, A. Salvio, A. Strumia,
N. Tetradis,
and A. Urbano, JHEP 07, 058 (2017),
arXiv:1706.00792 [hep-ph].
[194] D. G. Figueroa, A. Rajantie,
and F. Torrenti, Phys.
Rev. D 98, 023532 (2018), arXiv:1709.00398 [astro-
ph.CO].
[195] T. Markkanen, A. Rajantie, and S. Stopyra, Front. As-
tron. Space Sci. 5, 40 (2018), arXiv:1809.06923 [astro-
ph.CO].
[196] Z. Lalak, A. Nakonieczna, and L. Nakonieczny, (2020),
arXiv:2004.12327 [hep-th].
[197] F. L. Bezrukov and M. Shaposhnikov, Phys. Lett. B
659, 703 (2008), arXiv:0710.3755 [hep-th].
[198] J. Rubio, Front. Astron. Space Sci. 5, 50 (2019),
arXiv:1807.02376 [hep-ph].
[199] A. Ijjas, P. J. Steinhardt, and A. Loeb, Phys. Lett. B
723, 261 (2013), arXiv:1304.2785 [astro-ph.CO].
[200] F. Bezrukov, J. Rubio,
and M. Shaposhnikov, Phys.
Rev. D 92, 083512 (2015), arXiv:1412.3811 [hep-ph].
[201] I. D. Saltas, JCAP 02, 048 (2016), arXiv:1512.06134
[hep-th].
[202] A. Wagner et al. (ADMX), Phys. Rev. Lett. 105, 171801
(2010), arXiv:1007.3766 [hep-ex].
[203] D. Hooper and L. Goodenough, Phys. Lett. B 697, 412
(2011), arXiv:1010.2752 [hep-ph].

---PAGE BREAK---
39
[204] M. Ahnen et al. (MAGIC, Fermi-LAT), JCAP 02, 039
(2016), arXiv:1601.06590 [astro-ph.HE].
[205] M. Aartsen et al. (IceCube), Eur. Phys. J. C 76, 531
(2016), arXiv:1606.00209 [astro-ph.HE].
[206] D. Akerib et al. (LUX), Phys. Rev. Lett. 118, 021303
(2017), arXiv:1608.07648 [astro-ph.CO].
[207] C. Amole et al. (PICO), Phys. Rev. Lett. 118, 251301
(2017), arXiv:1702.07666 [astro-ph.CO].
[208] R. Agnese et al. (SuperCDMS), Phys. Rev. D 97,
022002 (2018), arXiv:1707.01632 [astro-ph.CO].
[209] X. Cui et al. (PandaX-II), Phys. Rev. Lett. 119, 181302
(2017), arXiv:1708.06917 [astro-ph.CO].
[210] P. Agnes et al. (DarkSide), Phys. Rev. D 98, 102006
(2018), arXiv:1802.07198 [astro-ph.CO].
[211] E. Aprile et al. (XENON), Phys. Rev. Lett. 121, 111302
(2018), arXiv:1805.12562 [astro-ph.CO].
[212] A. Abdelhameed et al. (CRESST), Phys. Rev. D 100,
102002 (2019), arXiv:1904.00498 [astro-ph.CO].
[213] R. K. Leane and T. R. Slatyer, Phys. Rev. Lett. 123,
241101 (2019), arXiv:1904.08430 [astro-ph.HE].
[214] A. Aguilar-Arevalo et al. (DAMIC), Phys. Rev. Lett.
123, 181802 (2019), arXiv:1907.12628 [astro-ph.CO].
[215] T. Braine et al. (ADMX), Phys. Rev. Lett. 124, 101303
(2020), arXiv:1910.08638 [hep-ex].
[216] Q. Arnaud et al. (EDELWEISS), Phys. Rev. Lett. 125,
141301 (2020), arXiv:2003.01046 [astro-ph.GA].
[217] A. Andrianavalomahefa et al. (FUNK Experiment),
Phys. Rev. D 102, 042001 (2020), arXiv:2003.13144
[astro-ph.CO].
[218] E. Aprile et al. (XENON), Phys. Rev. D 102, 072004
(2020), arXiv:2006.09721 [hep-ex].
[219] L. Alexander-Nunneley and A. Pilaftsis, JHEP 09, 021
(2010), arXiv:1006.5916 [hep-ph].
[220] M. Holthausen, J. Kubo, K. S. Lim, and M. Lindner,
JHEP 12, 076 (2013), arXiv:1310.4423 [hep-ph].
[221] C. D. Carone and R. Ramos, Phys. Rev. D 88, 055020
(2013), arXiv:1307.8428 [hep-ph].
[222] E. Gabrielli, M. Heikinheimo, K. Kannike, A. Racioppi,
M. Raidal, and C. Spethmann, Phys. Rev. D 89, 015017
(2014), arXiv:1309.6632 [hep-ph].
[223] T. Hambye and A. Strumia, Phys. Rev. D 88, 055022
(2013), arXiv:1306.2329 [hep-ph].
[224] J. Guo and Z. Kang, Nucl. Phys. B 898, 415 (2015),
arXiv:1401.5609 [hep-ph].
[225] A. Karam and K. Tamvakis, Phys. Rev. D 92, 075010
(2015), arXiv:1508.03031 [hep-ph].
[226] A. Karam and K. Tamvakis, Phys. Rev. D 94, 055004
(2016), arXiv:1607.01001 [hep-ph].
[227] A. J. Helmboldt,
P. Humbert,
M. Lindner,
and
J. Smirnov, JHEP 07, 113 (2017), arXiv:1603.03603
[hep-ph].
[228] H. Ishida, S. Matsuzaki, S. Okawa,
and Y. Omura,
Phys. Rev. D 95, 075033 (2017), arXiv:1701.00598 [hep-
ph].
[229] C. Cosme, J. a. G. Rosa, and O. Bertolami, JHEP 05,
129 (2018), arXiv:1802.09434 [hep-ph].
[230] S. Yaser Ayazi and A. Mohamadnejad, Eur. Phys. J. C
79, 140 (2019), arXiv:1808.08706 [hep-ph].
[231] H. Ishida, S. Matsuzaki, and R. Ouyang, Chin. Phys.
C 44, 111002 (2020), arXiv:1907.09176 [hep-ph].
[232] C. Wetterich, (2020), arXiv:2007.08805 [hep-th].
[233] G. Arcadi, A. Djouadi,
and M. Raidal, Phys. Rept.
842, 1 (2020), arXiv:1903.03616 [hep-ph].
[234] Y. Ema, K. Nakayama,
and Y. Tang, JHEP 09, 135
(2018), arXiv:1804.07471 [hep-ph].
[235] L. Parker, Phys. Rev. 183, 1057 (1969).
[236] D. J. Chung, E. W. Kolb, and A. Riotto, Phys. Rev. D
59, 023501 (1998), arXiv:hep-ph/9802238.
[237] M. Garny, M. Sandora,
and M. S. Sloth, Phys. Rev.
Lett. 116, 101302 (2016), arXiv:1511.03278 [hep-ph].
[238] G. Dupuis, JHEP 07, 008 (2016), arXiv:1604.04552
[hep-ph].
[239] A. Beniwal, F. Rajec, C. Savage, P. Scott, C. Weniger,
M. White, and A. G. Williams, Phys. Rev. D 93, 115016
(2016), arXiv:1512.06458 [hep-ph].
[240] V. Gluscevic et al.,
(2019), arXiv:1903.05140 [astro-
ph.CO].
[241] A. Drlica-Wagner et al. (LSST Dark Matter Group),
(2019), arXiv:1902.01055 [astro-ph.CO].
[242] U. Harst and M. Reuter, JHEP 05, 119 (2011),
arXiv:1101.6007 [hep-th].
[243] A. Eichhorn and F. Versteegen, JHEP 01, 030 (2018),
arXiv:1709.07252 [hep-th].
[244] A. Eichhorn and A. Held, in An Alpine LHC Physics
Summit 2019 (2019) arXiv:1907.05330 [hep-th].
[245] J. Meibohm, J. M. Pawlowski, and M. Reichert, Phys.
Rev. D 93, 084035 (2016), arXiv:1510.07018 [hep-th].
[246] P. Don`a, A. Eichhorn, P. Labus, and R. Percacci, Phys.
Rev. D 93, 044049 (2016), [Erratum: Phys.Rev.D 93,
129904 (2016)], arXiv:1512.01589 [gr-qc].
[247] J. Biemans, A. Platania, and F. Saueressig, JHEP 05,
093 (2017), arXiv:1702.06539 [hep-th].
[248] N.
Christiansen,
D.
F.
Litim,
J.
M.
Pawlowski,
and M. Reichert, Phys. Rev. D 97, 106012 (2018),
arXiv:1710.04669 [hep-th].
[249] J. Borchardt, H. Gies, and R. Sondenheimer, Eur. Phys.
J. C 76, 472 (2016), arXiv:1603.05861 [hep-ph].
[250] J.
F.
Donoghue,
Front.
in
Phys.
8,
56
(2020),
arXiv:1911.02967 [hep-th].
[251] T. Draper, B. Knorr, C. Ripken,
and F. Saueressig,
(2020), arXiv:2007.00733 [hep-th].
[252] T. Draper, B. Knorr, C. Ripken,
and F. Saueressig,
(2020), arXiv:2007.04396 [hep-th].
[253] A. Platania and C. Wetterich, (2020), arXiv:2009.06637
[hep-th].
[254] M. Reichert, A. Eichhorn, H. Gies, J. M. Pawlowski,
T. Plehn, and M. M. Scherer, Phys. Rev. D 97, 075008
(2018), arXiv:1711.00019 [hep-ph].
[255] J. Borchardt and B. Knorr, Phys. Rev. D 91, 105011
(2015), [Erratum:
Phys.Rev.D 93, 089904 (2016)],
arXiv:1502.07511 [hep-th].
[256] J. York, James W., J. Math. Phys. 14, 456 (1973).
[257] H. Gies, B. Knorr, and S. Lippoldt, Phys. Rev. D 92,
084020 (2015), arXiv:1507.08859 [hep-th].
[258] D. F. Litim, Phys. Rev. D 64, 105007 (2001), arXiv:hep-
th/0103195.
[259] I. H. Bridle, J. A. Dietz, and T. R. Morris, JHEP 03,
093 (2014), arXiv:1312.2846 [hep-th].
[260] A. Codello, G. D’Odorico, and C. Pagani, Phys. Rev.
D 89, 081701 (2014), arXiv:1304.4777 [gr-qc].
[261] N. Christiansen, B. Knorr, J. M. Pawlowski,
and
A.
Rodigast,
Phys.
Rev.
D
93,
044036
(2016),
arXiv:1403.1232 [hep-th].
[262] N.
Christiansen,
B.
Knorr,
J.
Meibohm,
J.
M.
Pawlowski, and M. Reichert, Phys. Rev. D 92, 121501
(2015), arXiv:1506.07016 [hep-th].
[263] T. Denz, J. M. Pawlowski, and M. Reichert, Eur. Phys.
J. C 78, 336 (2018), arXiv:1612.07315 [hep-th].

---PAGE BREAK---
